All of these are terrible options, and there aren't any good ones.	1
Ditto that for every other domestic food animal, and even animals that we hunt for food	1
in a competition, you don't provide for the opposite side.	0
I am their 6th child.	0
Nowadays, where most people work office jobs, retail jobs, food service, etc, tanning is a luxury good, a sign you have enough spare time to sit in the sun or money to go to a tanning salon.	0
How do you prevent people from having more than the allotted number of children?	0
Things about e-celebrities will start as rumors	1
Loyalty.	1
maintaining a culture is hard.	1
Even Advanced Warfare, which seemed to promise the most novel changes, was criticized for changing too little from its preceding games.	1
Machines don't have money either so they won't bother buying services from us.	1
I'm sorry, maybe I shouldn't have posted this topic.	0
the leap of faith Shepard takes when trusting Legion on Rannoch, thus ending hundreds of years of conflict and bringing the Quarians and Geth together was immensely satisfying and could easily qualify for /r/frission material.	1
money that is borrowed by people to start their own businesses	1
The compliments feel great as well!	0
even as you know that doing so will not have any impact on the meat industry whatsoever	1
Fines?	1
other plants that will actively tense up in response to needle pricks	1
But should they honor a vacationing firefighter from Omaha?	1
All of a sudden, war is a possibility	1
we have domesticated some animals	1
I can (for the most part) bob in place well enough to keep myself from drowning, but when I add any type of movement I end up with lungs full of water.	0
as policemen are a very homogeneous group trained to stick together and the danger of even deepening the "not one of us" (pack) mentality and escalation of "police state"	1
(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dinosaur_egg)	1
I took other classes I enjoyed but did not put in serious hours and didn't learn what I should	0
I get seasick lol.	0
less useful because the information is presented in a mobile-friendly way	1
ignoring it is the reason many people develop a distaste for the game	0
Not all smartphones are created equal.	0
Any company/society which encourages business practices that are not effective will quickly be out-competed by one that is effective, and having effective businesses in a society in general improves the quality of life of the people living there.	1
What's the point?	0
Consider a novel.	1
Those people are civilians with full civil rights	1
[47% of all jobs are at risk of being automated](http://motherboard.vice.com/blog/the-rich-and-their-robots-are-about-to-make-half-the-worlds-jobs-disappear).	0
the US withdrawing as a dominant force in geopolitics,	1
And I tried.	0
You might not get very far	0
Thats because we teach everyone to think the same way.	0
All we do is hang out and play video games or board games and drink beer	0
If the quality of life is higher, you'll see higher quality education and the available resources for more to be able to think and live as as they'd like	0
which did include a current inability to anticipate consequences (which is in the linked Harvard study) and how changing your view was a part of growing up and why	0
Had a group of religions identical in all respects to Judaism, Christianity, and Islam developed in pretty much any area other than the middle east, they would be no more successful than any of the other relatively minor faiths out there today, depending on what the location in question actually was	0
that they're incapable of certain higher processes regarding emotional awareness	1
no one can buy that doll	1
She 's obviously an all-round good and kind person	1
Which is basically like saying if unicorns were real, they would be real.	1
had to take his keys from him, spent 20 minutes, making small talk, reassuring him and just generally checking if he wasn't internally hurt/losing consciousness/ had blood coming out from the mouth ears or nose	1
Now imagine that I tell you that you doing this offends me deeply for reasons of personal belief that you don't share.	1
like some other things that have come up in this discussion	0
Just because we don't understand every minute aspect of it doesn't mean we can't recognize what parts are positive and how to increase it.	1
I've worked in customer service and have been yelled at by strangers more often than anyone should have.	1
After the horrors of World War 2	1
But most people, I think, if they really wanted to, **could.**	1
Then, after they start working, they have to be trained, and get up to speed on their new job, which (depending on the job) can often take months.	1
If you're really good at something, especially in college,	0
Really, were you home-schooled	1
Whatever other religion had ended up developing in the middle east would likely now be globally dominant	0
Perhaps if you have a major, heritable health issue your IQ has 25 subtracted from it before being rounded?	0
I had a closeted gay paragon Shepard because I thought it was hilarious and he eventually shacked up with Kaidan, saved the world, let no one die, then picked destroy ending because why not.	1
One partner isn't fulfilling all of his/her obligations (i.e. not to cheat)	1
A bad choice which breaks one of the cornerstones of marriage.	1
It is a complex ploygenic trait we still don't fully understand.	1
But if you don't break up, you are stuck with a person who doesn't value you enough to stay loyal.	0
pursuing those things is irrational	1
It can have a bad influence with all the racism etc tho	1
The thing about CoD that really makes it an overrated series is that it is very similar to other FPS games, such as Battlefield.	0
A man and a woman with average IQ can have two children (not each.) and sustain their population.	1
the basis of that has been our periodic pushes from the church, periods of "Great Awakening" where fundamentalists have tried to restore us to some kind of repressive god-fearing and internalized state of self loathing and cleansing for sin.	0
you may have an iPhone, and most of the ads you see are for buying the flagship Android or Apple product,	0
How many tons of food, water, and blankets did firefighters haul into the Sandy disaster zone?	0
I enjoyed the theatrical cut when I first watched it but the extended was probably better when I had a lot of free time and wanted to watch a favourite movie in a different way.	0
Prison?	1
Maybe fixing that issue will resolve the motivation to cheat.	1
For example, internet trolls work on the basis of causing as much fuss and attention as possible while often remaining anonymous.	0
seeing Wrex grow from a mere gun-for-hire in ME1 to the responsible, yet still badass leader of the Genophage-free Krogan in ME3 was one of the most gratifying experiences of my gaming career.	1
you can have that thought	1
Someone who attempts to extract gain for themselves at harm to their overall country is acting unpatriotically	1
I recently took a class I enjoy, DSP. I had done previous DSP work for a couple semesters and had much more experience than almost everyone in class but I still put serious work in.	0
Another common one I grew up with was the "Free Parking" rule addition, where landing on Free Parking confers some kind of monetary reward, which introduces more money into the game and makes it harder to go bankrupt, dragging out the game.	0
you're asking them to try to put themselves in the hooves of a cow?	1
A crime completely erased.	0
I find meat disgusting based on what I've seen and want no part of endorsing it whether it makes any difference overall or not.	1
americans are better because of the side of the line they are born on	1
It's impossible to assert that everyone who has posted nudes does it strictly for attention.	1
While this may be true, hasn't the killing of innocents (and murder or rape, or destruction of property) always been considered deeply immoral (outside of wars) ?	1
No only am I accepting their compliment	0
I am an omnivore, and my diet consists of meat and plants.	0
how much is caused by angry, politically disenfranchised young men who seek out an ideology that justifies their anger with America/the West	0
accidental deaths, unplanned homicides, and suicides would like increase.	0
You don't know what you don't know, you didn't know you didn't know my motivation, and you don't know that the 55 million abortions were a good thing(The point of the thread, no?), or what interests were operating in the establishment of them(The point of the thread, no?), or the consequences(The point of the thread, no?)	1
I only used the IQ test in my example because so far it is (seemingly) the most available measure of intelligence	1
In the case of cold utility, often peddled by teens as very novel because life and the self seems very simple to them, because they've such a low tier of contact with the world that it can look simple from a distance	0
[This study](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20479151) shows that unprocessed meat is not linked to heart disease, but processed meat is	1
Especially if there is more pain or dull moments than pleasure in life	1
Once you learn what you don't know, you will have made a dent in knowledge akin to the damage a dove would do to a mountain if it few by lightly brushing it with the tip of its wing	1
This isn't the movies where you duck bullets and dive behind a table or something.	1
there would have certainly been benefits to a preemptive tactical nuclear strike against the USSR, and costs too	1
FYI, you don't have to go to USHS to be a military doctor.	0
Of course not	0
The definition of empowering is to "make (someone) stronger and more confident".	0
having them challenge you and show disgust	0
I know this would be a bitch to implement and it's near impossible to actually do	0
"33% of women who obtain abortions have family incomes under $11,000 annually, 11% of abortions are obtained by women whose household incomes are $50,000 or more."	0
I failed a bunch of stuff and was constantly embarrassed to show my grades to other people.	1
Do you do this to seek attention from her?	1
Todays moderates are tomorrows conservatives	1
They subscribe to the same pages on facebook and whatnot	1
the Marines don't have their own medical services	0
And they consistently perform this goal well year after year.	1
They're very easy to trick and convince to shoot a guy in a field for wearing different clothes without asking a lot of questions or thinking too hard about consequences	0
I know, for instance, that components in my smartphone and laptop are made of minerals that were mined by slave labor in Africa.	1
It wasn't an actual argument.	0
Ever heard of the Reign of Terror?	1
I don't see them as very likely as nobody is going to draw a concealed gun when not intending to kill.	1
The total offspring is presumably equal to the number of people who contributed to it.	1
Going vegan means fewer animals suffer on small farms and fewer animals suffer on factory farms, not that fewer animals suffer on small farms and more animals suffer on factory farms.	1
This America faced a sustainable growth rate	0
This number will grow grow until the vast majority of people become obsolete for jobs.	1
Some people even have partners and still do it.	0
See: Dunning Krueger	1
only a few extremist individuals try to advocate it	0
Since the majority of farms are large factory farms	1
When facebook and twitter is used to recruit zionist supporters and other jewish terrorists online en masse, there is a problem.	0
Dramatic societal changes have happened multiple times throughout history.	1
When watching the extended cuts, I get distracted, and reminded that I'm watching a movie.	1
And the cheater is the source of the problem.	1
The one thing I've learned about life and romance going through high school and college? There is no manual.	1
For example, i can read , write, and even speak backwards pretty well.	0
It is simply not our place or responsibility to carry other countries' burdens.	1
There are more people who still like the series and will buy new iterations without much change compared to the minority who do find it cliche, hackneyed, etc.	1
People thought the exact same thing before WWI.	0
After he starts shooting?	1
If you think that the only reason to get to know a female is to bone her	1
There is no "meaningful" or "meaningless" life for an animal - they don't philosophize beyond needs.	0
Hire an expensive private tutor instead.	1
The Thuggee cult believed that the murder of innocents was necessary to appease Kali and prevent the destruction of the world.	0
death is coming and will erase all experience regardless	1
Who an applicant knows is occasionally useful for those jobs which require maintaining relationships with certain people in key positions (e.g. sales), but for the vast majority of jobs, who your friends are is functionally irrelevant.	1
On boards you will find echo chambers where people are more prone to believe rumors than proof	1
Americans are the shining example of civil people in the world and everyone else is filthy and brutish and doesn't deserve entry here".	1
The Brave Little Toaster is rated "Fresh" on Rotten Tomatoes, and came fairly close to winning the Sundance Film Festival in 1987.	0
They'd have given him a big hooked nose	1
I'll be dead, and again, death is nothingness	1
it has as little pain as we can deliver.	0
Surrounding the entire site there's a general pessimistic group mentality	1
I can afford to waste resources on immense amounts of expensive fabric."	1
They were there	0
Are there no situations in which the cheaters should be forgiven?	1
My comment was a silly way to point out a flaw in your post.	1
Well, real estate could certainly be one.	1
You also have special snowflake syndrome	0
You'll owe the military tons of time for the training, so you won't be able to enter civilian practice for years.	0
you probably should have anticipated people finding your worldview to be wrong on CMV	1
it's seen as disruptive, problem-making, and culturally odious, and taking sides on trust is often seen as a good thing	0
If someone walks around genuinely convinced they are Jesus, the person is delusional	1
Anybody who denies either is blinded by zeal	1
e.g. how much of the violence perpetrated by Wahabist Islamists is based off of true religious fanaticism	0
Civilian neurosurgeons will easily catch up to their debtless peers in the military due to the huge difference in salaries.	1
They are owned by the owners of the company, which are many and varied, often including the workers in many cases	1
Throughout history, people tend to use their wealth to show off how much wealth they have.	1
Say if 1 out of 5 people carried a gun with them, was well trained in its use and tested in his responsibility to prevent its misuse	1
so much of their lives revolve around getting in and out of chairs	0
Now* I'm at the store, but did my apartment, my elevator, the street I walked on, the cigar shop, and the empty parking lot cease to exist simply because I'm not there *right now*?	0
This is the state that we return to after death--a state of nothingness similar to the state we were in before birth	1
Also, again, local farms and humane slaughtering, not factory farming.	1
He seemed ok appart from the shock and high level drunkenness.	1
Six months into our start up, I can't handle the engineering work alone.	0
it takes time to build the experience (and contacts/wealth/name recognition) to be able to handle the massive amount of varying problems politicians face	0
Indeed, they will work hard to evade the censor, carrying out their activities further from the public eye.	1
You never have to worry about people being like "oh that dude, that dude always has problems -ignored-"	1
If a mother can make 2, and has twins, she can't make more, but if she already has one and has twins after one which makes 3, we're not gonna kill one	1
The main objection to this, of course, will be that the extended cuts are able to include more scenes from the books, and are therefore better.	1
they don't understand what the circumstances of today are	0
It's worth it dammit!	1
And I think many people would care, because nothing you say should be enough to justify my shooting you.	0
the consequences of their decisions won't affect them	0
A false belief based on incorrect inference about external reality that is firmly sustained despite what almost everyone else believes and despite what constitutes incontrovertible and obvious proof or evidence to the contrary.	1
I can think a girl is absolutely gorgeous and still be friends with them, mostly because I don't think she's the one for me.	1
The circumstances that resulted in cheating the first time may repeat.	0
then had to keep the people around in check cause they were physically trying to restrain her to prevent the mother to only touch her	1
When I die, I return to this state after a brief period of consciousness	1
I support these efforts when they're available.	1
A simpler explanation is that native intelligence is probably normally distributed, like almost every other trait people possess	0
The moderate majority of the world gets to decide the demarcations for the narrow political band around the center.	0
More corn is produced for livestock than humans.	1
im capable of the same things just in a different way	1
most prisoners only spend a fraction of their lives in prison - most of their life is free	0
You should not underestimate how threatened Russia feels by the West's expansion into what used to be a buffer zone.	0
If I lived in a society where most people were carrying firearms, I would have had to ask myself "Is this person angry enough to kill me? because if I wait to find out for sure I'll already be dead" way more often than I'd like.	1
maybe weighted differently, like extremely high chance of cancer (almost 100 percent or something) takes off more... Something like that.	0
Just the act of posting the photo is enough to drive some people wild, whether 1 person sees it or 1,000.	1
Some boards will have specific groups of people who they are encouraged to hate, women, SJWs, casual gamers, Jews	1
if you are already old, then the long-term consequences of your decisions probably won't happen until after you are gone, but will be horrible for all of us that are still around,	0
I'm straight.	1
i can do a lot of things that they cant	1
Doesn't the Bible claim something along the lines of that animals were created for the enjoyment of humans	0
America's innovation and education rankings would be lower	0
maybe a monetary incentive derived from public tax coffers paid to parents of children who maintain a passing grade, to be withheld if child dips below	1
It's a bit like not going to a restaurant because they came out against a belief of yours.	1
If not, we wouldn't allow brain-dead people to be unplugged.	1
what does that really mean?	0
Most websites will let you scroll to the bottom and hit a button for mobile or desktop viewing.	0
some people may answer to you that there is not much to be optimistic about in this world and that maybe you are delusional/uninformed to think otherwise	1
In anticipating this inevitability, aren't they then giving away they're nudes essentially for anyone to recurve sexual pleasure from?	1
And so I made the world's giantest asshole most self-justifying Shepard	1
When most of the populace lived on farms or walked to work in a factory, most people got tan quite easily.	1
Like, round the IQ to the nearest multiple of 50, then divide by 50, and that's the number of offspring you're allowed to create.	0
The most beneficial trade I've found involves two players helping each other complete a monopoly, but giving "immunity" to that group.	0
If so, how big are we talking?	1
even if you value it not at all, cheating breaks other important parts of the relationship.	1
I used to follow 'option number 3', but recently started 'option number 1' in an attempt to line my actions up with my values.	1
This meant the teachers were also religious teachers	0
it isn't really feasible to control the populations genitals in any ethical manner.	0
If 1 in 5 people can kill you in seconds being impolite gets deadly very quickly.	1
There's lots of open country and unspoiled/airable farmland.	0
Being proud of something (which in the case of nudes, like breast size, is sometimes uncontrollable and not something that one has to work for to attain that pride) is different than showing it off.	0
**Sex is the most important part of a relationship,** and therefore, betraying it and that agreement mean the relationship should end.	1
Robots would assemble and repair other robots.	0
dies from loneliness when the toaster leaves	1
that’s [usually] the fault of their leaders and therefore not relevant to the debate	1
If one in 10,000 people are carrying firearms, do you take your chances and try to get someone to hand over their cash without shooting someone or do you kill them outright and steal their valuables off their corpse?	1
in my experience /vg/ has been pretty good since people in those threads generally like the games they're talking about and not just wildly pissing about	0
Everything is polluted to hell	1
that I said that	1
Many people consider fish to be extremely healthy, and often include it in their "vegetarian" diets	0
It's a choice.	1
The family dynamic + the individual personalities of each player changes how the game goes	0
an obvious example would be asexual people	0
There is an unchecked organization that spies on them 24/7 without consent.	1
cardio, able to be done at a variety of speeds over a variety of distances, making it suitable for a wide range of fitness levels	1
look at some Arab cultures where women have few rights and can't even show 1 square inch of forearm lest a man be tempted	1
just because I don't feel like I want to keep someone exclusively to myself doesn't mean I care for them any less.	1
Even someone working at Burger King could afford to put together a copy of Louis XIV's outfit, but no one ever does.	1
these are things I *want to know* but typically aren't in the film/game, so I endure the chore.	1
perhaps her religion justifies a moral distinction between humans and non-human animals	1
When watching the theatrical cuts, I get swept into the story.	1
Best in terms of monetary investment?	1
After building in requirements for parents to attend a weekly P/T meeting and/or more,	0
Make major changes and instead of Person A hating the series and Person B loving it, now Person A loves it and Person B hates it.	0
Some people can do some thing's better than others	0
[finding the girl who threw a puppy in a river,](http://www.techhive.com/article/204615/Video_of_Puppies_Thrown_into_River_Spark_Outcry_and_Sleuthing.html)	1
that does not mean that silencing him is a proper reaction.	0
Like, most people don't memorize all of Romeo and Juliet.	1
Can I comment on your inferior reasoning and why it's inferior without it being a big deal	1
Some users may like it, others may not.	0
There was a time, say in the 18th century, where the elite would wear quite elaborate clothing.	1
if you have to make so many exceptions to your view, then it seems you already know it's incorrect	1
it seriously strains credulity to begin with	0
eventually the universe is destroyed or our galaxy collapses in an inevitable heat-death	0
The land required to feed one vegan for a single year is 1/6th of an acre and the land required to feed one meat eater for a year is 18 times more than that.	0
Therefore, the person is eager to show off and get some attention.	1
The quality of education regressed and then stagnated to that of the year 1970	0
Some things are clear cut - hitting a small child would be morally bad.	1
If existence (from your perspective) lies solely on your consciousness	0
I had reasoning behind my views, and was confident about the reasoning	1
ideas about them or things will get taken out of context and it will be posted continually until it's taken as fact	1
Taking away the children?	1
Since you mentioned the DSM IV, it is worth pointing out that all of the disorders listed in the DSM IV have one central piece of criteria that is at the heart of the diagnostic process	0
the time and effort isn't hard or worthwhile	0
there would be less need for unskilled labor, leading to less unskilled immigrants in exchange for more unskilled natives (all of whom would be tax-paying citizens, unlike all immigrants)	0
In total, everyone's IQ would be x points higher and so the human race would be x much smarter...	1
We didn't even buy the books, much less read them.	0
That's explicitly illegal now (well, kind of... not yet).	1
many mothers who had abortions decided to have children later in their life	0
If you came up and said you hated black people I'd also assume you were relatively confident about it, too	1
i.e. Alice has two Yellow properties and one Green property, while Bob has two Green properties and one Yellow property	0
I leave my apartment, go down the elevator, out on the street, past the cigar shop, past the empty parking lot, and finally to the store	0
in many countries you cannot choose to arm yourself appropriately to defend yourself and others.	0
I'm showing some of what I truly believe.	0
America (and every other country in the world for that matter) has a vast array of problems ranging from social to economic to geopolitical	0
There may have been better literacy in China, but the smartest people (or most avid readers anyway) weren't necessarily going into religion	0
So many interactions.	0
Or consider beauty standards.	1
at that point I think that is a little too deep for a board game :P	0
he has observed that you are as well and is scared	0
I guarantee no one would care.	0
Do I need to post an opening and go through a standard process, or can I hire my old classmate?	1
Supporting foreign militaries financially also has proven sketchy at best in the past, because it's hard to control where the weapons eventually end up.	1
There isn't a huge moral justification to regulations such as these other than 'they increase risk and excessive risk is bad'.	1
people have predicted economic collapses literally since economies began	0
Is this an unfunded, understaffed, inner city school?	0
Even if they think that being vegan is a way to directly improve conditions for animals, I don't think they believe it's the *best* way.	0
MEMORIZE.	0
Or do you do it because it is empowering?	1
Let's say I travel from home to the grocery store	0
Well if someone of low intellect wanted to breed with someone of high intellect, their children count would be limited by the lower children count.	0
Well the native faiths don't think reading the Bible is against their religion - they didn't emphasize belief the way Christians and Muslims do	0
surely its a significant number	1
Farmers?	0
Intelligence is hard to define and describe even by neurologists	0
others would want to see that person medicated or receiving some form of psychiatric treatment for that persons own benefit.	1
the son of god and his holy mother were Jews	0
Why should a Seattlite care that a man's employed by a city in Nebraska?	1
Those who worked on it went on to do great things, and those who stumbled across it remember it.	1
His suit is just higher quality and better fitted.	1
A civilian neurosurgeon can make over 400k easily.	1
You'll easily cover your tuition, and while debt sucks you'll easily pay it off after residency.	1
It's not like Mary needed the time to recuperate	0
a vegan *has* to be more conscious about their diet	1
Now we're looking to crowd fund the mass production of our product, and we need a good video for Kickstarter.	0
(I thought) your post pertained to the "Vegans are vegans because they hate the state of animal welfare," reasoning	0
If players A, B, C, and D are playing, and A is obviously ahead after a few go-arounds, should A just win?	0
most poor children don't become unemployed for the majority of their life	0
With only a couple exceptions, the vast majority of Shepard's crew are interesting, fleshed-out characters, each with their own flaws and redeeming qualities.	1
. You'll lose money by taking HPSP and especially with USHS (a longer commitment than HPSP).	0
Maybe for you, every relationship with a woman is motivated by romance.	0
If they keep selling games, it means people still enjoy the series for what it is.	1
a drunken teen had just smashed his car full force into another's property wall after missing the turn	1
My husband is 100% OK with this and trusts me completely.	1
suddenly everyone was up in arms when they thought they were never going to see the movie The Interview because for a few moments Sony reevaluated the situation and decided not to release it.	1
shortage occurs because not enough was produced	1
Why do I find myself inevitably becoming attracted to them?	1
If we valued and weighted the categorical intelligences... Perhaps a brilliant mathematician would end up being (weighted) almost equal to a well rounded guy.	1
I meant most available as the "most available/recognizable example of intelligence"	0
Of course, for those in relationships or some kind of monogamous partnership, I understand the sexual energy between sharing and receiving sexual images between each other.	0
None.	1
there's an entire article I read about this once	0
I think you are misinterpreting their motives.	0
Once monopolies (and the corresponding houses and hotels) come into play, tiny rents become enormous and the game quickly comes to an end.	0
resistance in many muscle groups, especially when strokes in question are varied and tools such as fins or kickboards are added	0
Like trust.	1
assuming they all die	0
It boils down to a well constructed shitpost	1
Look at how scared everyone got over Ebola, a non issue for most westerners.	0
smart phones are prevalent enough among phone users who want to use the Internet	1
I think it's counterproductive, antagonizing and in poor taste.	1
No pain, no awareness, just cessation of life	0
Also, I think that some of my problem is, like you said, the fine line I have drawn.	1
I'm a software engineer with an idea for a start up.	0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rlQrYCacrKo	1
As in never buying meat again	1
there were ancestral species that produced eggs,	0
The companies launching these ads may be trying to win in the american market, so they can sell more of their product,	0
real-world examples of communist states	0
Military personnel make substantial sacrifices and frequently live in poor conditions.	1
If I were eating veggies, I'd consume several plants	0
Individuals who are extraordinarily qualified for a position but come from a region/social background without those connections enter a networking-friendly employment opportunity at a disadvantage.	1
The appliances that have their parts ripped out, are effectively a commentary on black market organ sales.	0
Also, see the numerous other similar things you've said that don't actually contribute to the discussion, all you're doing is attempting to devalue the argument and myself.	0
Your views are indicative of an angsty 20 year old who has not had much world exposure, one that wasn't weened until the age of 15	1
It's hard enough to change a social norm of violence when it's simply cultural, it's even harder if people have been conditioned to believe that the norm is all that stands in the way of preventing the end of the world or is a persons only way into Valhalla.	1
As for the “They’re not risking their lives for our country.” argument, police officers do that too, and for citizens rather than the country and its interests	1
The modern domestic chicken is a hybrid of a red and grey junglefowl.	0
However, most people are not quite as endowed or gifted as these attention-seekers.	1
Even if 1,000,000 people were helped by me	0
Now, you're an executive of Activision-Blizzard.	1
it is the topic you set, no	1
Finally it gives them a true claim that they are being oppressed and targeted, which history suggests tends to strengthen a group.	0
the "religions of the book" may be going out of style as highly literate people have access to more historical data and the time to translate The Bible, Torah, and Quran in context for themselves	0
if your believing something random people are telling you without it being backed by proof and your own individual research,	0
works your legs and core quite hard	1
Laws have to be made with a working knowledge of the system and their language will reflect that.	1
Telling my government to send help is easier said than done.	0
Hell, consider Halo 4 that changed their fundamental mechanics to match more of a CoD pace and include load outs and level progression.	1
i’m sure for a great many people, it is patriotic to welcome and accept immigrants as equals under our ideals of equality and freedom	1
Eating fish has been associated with a *reduced* risk of heart disease.	0
I've got a friend I've worked with for years.	1
they do happen	1
Businesses are and should be designed to be effective.	1
[paying some poor dudes rent,](http://i.imgur.com/kdYBh.jpg)	1
In the example of the monogamous partnership, I do not consider that type of behavior as being attention seeking or anything because it is meant to be between the two individuals for their own mutual sexual pleasure.	1
I don't need to feel guilty when I'm attracted to people I know I can't have?	0
Why should a videogame be subject to the same limitations we have in reality?	0
the actual practice of economics would become drastically simpler if the law were simpler internationally	1
I wouldn't buy ivory, dog leather or fur for the same reasons	1
We thought the same thing 20, 50, and 200 years ago as well	0
The domestic spying, the secret courts, the torture, the corporate favoritism, the environmental destruction, the lies, the unjustified wars, the unregulated financial system... all of those are things instituted or approved by our democratically elected officials, fully within the scope of power ceded to them by the constitution.	0
I've spent countless all-nighters with a friend just shooting shit, due to insomnia and boredom.	1
North Korea hacked Sony because they are so paranoid and insecure that they can't stand their leader being mocked.	0
that phenomenon has been around forever	0
Yet something must exist that allows this pattern to occur.	0
**Cheaters cheat because of underlying issues with the relationship.**	1
You have yet to give evidence that there is widespread tampering with free and fair elections which define the US as a democratic state.	0
"for want of better measure of intelligence"	1
When he reaches into his jacket where his holster might be?	1
[It looks like there’s even less reason behind it than I initially thought, actually.]	0
And then their descendants will die, on and on and on	0
Even you've admitted you can't really articulate it you just feel this way because you *just do*. Which is no basis for a logical or reasonable way to think about the world.	0
if you are already retired, then you wouldn't know what it is like for a working person today, especially someone struggling to live paycheck-to-paycheck	0
equate the anonymity as some cheap way for them to be hateful under the guise of free speech,	1
I probably am more likely to be killed by a muslim than a christian *because of their religion*.	1
Even with new technology, having enough drinking water and arable land is becoming an issue	1
At the end of the day, the boss has 100 dolls, worth £1000 and has paid out £500	1
[give some random vet the best birthday ever,](https://gigaom.com/2010/09/02/4chan-decides-to-do-something-nice-for-a-change/)	1
After all the freak sexualities i was exposed to in 4chan, I find it hard to judge anyone about anything they do with their bodies and partners.	1
therefore more likely to survive and advance the human race.	0
they are merely trying to win votes or make money from this mentality	0
I know that there's a good chance that the shirt I'm wearing was produced by underpaid, overworked labors who might have even been children.	1
the murder rate was "extraordinarily high by today's standard."	0
Pregnancy is hard on the body and far riskier than an abortion performed within a few weeks.	1
Before the chicken there was a similar but different creature.	0
Distinguish between decreasing and stopping, owning and responsibly owning, laws and culture...	0
Banks have zero problem giving out loans to medical students.	0
You're no longer the *faggot* you're the *comedian* until you make a new post and you're the *troll*.	1
What you said is definitely true about patriots	1
Vegan that truly believes that they are directly helping animals by not eating meat are deluding themselves.	1
Maybe the hypothetical game is annoying and not productive, but its not intellectually dishonest...	1
it no longer exists since you cannot experience it.	0
At this point, it comes to down to complete and utter chance.	0
-What about a one parent household?	0
In fact, Adam Smith (origin of laissez faire) did not like landowners,	0
36% of all privately held acres in the US is used for growing corn just for livestock.	0
Thanks to baby Jesus' healing powers even her hymen immediately regenerated, kind of like the redhead vampire from True Blood or the cheerleader from Heroes	1
it could also deter from suicide attacks as they usually count on not being caught alive and of course it always is best for the attacker to be brought to justice in court.	1
You might be a Christian that acts like a Roman, but the word is Christian and the idols eventually disappear while the Bible sticks around	0
If all of this time and money goes towards a bad hire, that is an extremely bad thing for the business, which means that it's extremely important to minimize the number of bad hires.	1
I just don't get along with women.	1
The fact that you need millions of dollars to do so seems unfair.	1
You know there is a 1 in 5 chance that the guy is carrying as well.	1
More intelligent people tend to have less children than do the more uneducated.	1
Did you forget that there were two people there already with guns and training?	0
as unemployment rises it simply converts half the population to communism while the working class keep capitalism	0
I believe in a shittier today for a better tomorrow, such as how our ancestors had miserable and productive lives that ended up with us living to be 80 and fat	1
thus being legal to kill in defense	0
Well hopefully it wouldn't be implemented in a way that forces you to do anything except stop having children after you reached the point where any more and you'd be hurting future generation's intelligence.	0
Did you not even read any of this?	1
Women aren't putting your dick up there	1
People smarter than you have a nasty habit of being a little proud and avoid conflict, and will just judge you when you tell them stuff like that, instead of taking the time to tell you why you're wrong	1
Then why is this post so popular?	1
We want to live in a world without bullies, whether those bullies act on behalf of beliefs, religions, countries, or even out own governments	0
Cryptocurrency may help a little because it would allow servers to be able to buy and sell things	0
Being fair is, at best, a secondary goal.	1
I work in a surgery unit	1
you can't wait for them to draw theirs before you decide to defend yourself if you want to leave alive	0
Unless you bring the same kind of weapons and protections as them it's akin to bringing a knife to a gun fight.	0
people aren't going around thanking them with discounts.	1
Why not sit in a corner and stare at a wall until you die?	1
It makes more sense to stick with the old engine and old code, which drastically reduces the time (and therefore cost) it takes to make a new game.	0
If the egalitarian hiring process in-place is so ineffective at determining qualifications/character that it must depend on recommendations from trusted sources to establish merit, the productivity of any positions where such a trusted source does not come forward will suffer.	0
I don't think of it as *me* killing of those characters off, it's whatever Shepard I'm playing in that particular runthrough that's doing it - a vicious, angry, bitter and ultimately futile Shepard.	0
When the wise men visited Jesus, it was in a house	0
events that happen at different points in the narrative are depicted as occuring side-by-side without consideration for *when* and *where* they actually happened	0
Good meat or bad meat, instead of people with a variety of skill potential and problems	1
B, C, and D should be conspiring like hell to take A down.	1
Censorship halts this process and locks in whatever is current.	1
People seem to get very morally judgmental about how the internet has made us all so much more open.	1
it's not fun, it's just a long, awful slog	1
their will always be a few bad apples	1
Also your view didn't anticipate the human element an iota	1
Every other *possible* ending that could've been, she'd gone and wrecked through her own shitty actions.	1
which only happens if players don't negotiate	0
So far, the consequences are extremely negative for your generation(heck of a statement without an argument behind it)	0
the kind of gore I witness there doesn't shock me at all	1
In a perfect world, sure.	1
Yeah it's pretty important to not think what you think is wrong	0
Neither of these examples illustrate problems with the speakers, they show the unhinged reactions of listeners.	1
You *could* have a robot do your hair or nails, but really?	0
Of course not!	0
you need to be *able to raise* millions of dollars	0
Conversely, really above average IQs of 125-174 can contribute genetically towards 3 children... and so on.	1
I know that the medication I take was almost certainly tested on research animals who lived short, sad lives.	1
The known rule would be only to draw gun to shoot and who is aiming at you is aiming at you to shoot	0
The chicken, as far as we know came into existence around [2500-2100 BC.]	0
In a metaphysical sense you could argue that we essentially never exist.	0
We don't know all of the complex genetic and environmental elements that go into intellect to do anything remotely like what you are describing.	0
It's a 800-odd page legislative titan	0
It went - well, okay, I guess.	1
I forgot that one of the main diagnostic criteria for almost any mental disorder is the impact it has on the persons well-being	1
According to George Orwell, Nationalism is the "worst enemy of peace".	1
Best in terms of time investment?	1
I couldn't fly	0
It's not from lack of trying either.	0
It can be fighting, negotiating, cooking, doctoring..	0
I don't understand how posting images of yourself naked, often with the understanding that others will masturbate to you (/r/gonewild for example) is not empowering but instead a form of whoring yourself out in a sense.	1
I mean, be realistic here, if they promised the most radically new CoD next year, would you buy it?	1
When we hired that advertising company to make our Kickstarter video, were we breaking the networking rules?	0
The cost to build a house may be zero, but land certainly isn't.	0
they often have much bigger buttons, text, and menus to work better for someone on a touch screen as opposed to someone on a computer.	0
maybe weighted differently, like extremely high chance of cancer (almost 100 percent or something) takes off more... Something like that.	1
some businesses fail	1
they don't put the time and effort into something generally hard or worthwhile	0
you can free yourself from society's many irrational norms and expectations.	1
Compare this to China, where literacy wasn't tied to religion	0
they've got their own lives to worry about	1
It's a thrill and a risk that gives people immense pleasure.	1
The visit of the shepherds and the visit of the kings are narratively redundant	0
Neither things are as cool as fighting Russians out of a moral sense of duty, but they're far more effective.	1
It would also make sense if I was building a school in African but wasn't vegan.	0
All the other points in time exist as much as the current point in time, however	1
We are simply at one point along a path, and that's the "now"	1
would prefer their country over other countries, regardless of who's better	0
There's no rule saying that the person who raises the most money wins the election.	0
You completely circumvented every single debate being had in this thread and proceeded to ejaculate your rather arrogant assumptions all over the place	1
You've appealed to all my sensibilities around this kind of issue	1
Nobody worth dating really wants that in my book.	1
Democracies can be oppressive illiberal regimes, totalitarian systems, command-and-control socialist systems, social democracies, liberal capitalist states, oligarchies etc.	0
I do think that there are ways to produce meat in ways that are at least more humane if not more "ethical."	1
Hence, my seeking of others opinions.	1
Losing all the choices at the end made *sense*, this time, in the context of her experiences.	1
no one in this system actually has $10	1
Many high school graduates are complete morons.	1
Not the real life Hayden Panettiere though, you know those gigantic Klitschkos split that wide open.	1
Some of these things just ultimately need someone saying "Enough!	1
Once some players have monopolies, the other players have to either trade to make their own monopolies or get bled out quickly.	0
This is a failing of the existing job application paradigm, not an excuse to circumvent it in order to make the process easier.	0
they seem blind to what the US government is really about	1
This is why some people are very squeamish; myself not included	1
That's no less than seven decisions one would have had to make before that person reaches sexual adultery.	0
But being an engineer, I just want to focus on the technology.	1
Likewise, Islam was hardly the first religion that Arabia had seen	0
I do agree with most of the criticisms of the plot and that it could have been much better than what it was	1
*those abortions may have been a good thing?	1
Remember, you're an addict and not getting the money is not an option.	1
If you can't sell auctions, this should still help.	0
I can't imagine missionaries travelling out of New Zealand having the same impact that the Arab armies did	1
in some kinds of communism	1
They have only provoked reactions.	1
I return to it permanently	1
And just trying to be romantic with women, assuming the endgoal of any compatible people is romance, completely cuts out some of the most beautiful times you can have with people.	0
Wouldn't restricting "free speech" put brakes on this sort of recruitment ?	0
as it may not necessary be the same reasons I had for not going vegan sooner	0
Alice agrees to trade her Green for Bob's Yellow, giving them both monopolies, on the condition that Alice won't have to pay if she lands on a Green property and Bob won't have to pay if he lands on a Yellow property	0
Thus, I won't be around to enjoy my fame	1
will stop responding when exposed to typical anasthetics	1
low-impact, making it suitable for older people, people with recent injuries, or those with longer-term joint problems	1
Listing of relgion by number of followers http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Major_religious_groups#Religious_demographics 1. Christianity 2. Islam 3. Hinduism 4. Buddhism 5. Shinto 6. Sikhism 7. Judaism	0
especially when you live in a country as large as the U.S. most acts which serve the common good generally support your country	1
Putin knows very well that he's transgressing.	0
He can't test enough units on his own.	1
instead of killing lower than 80, it would be killing lower than like 50 or whatever	0
Something about that seems so sinister, cynical, and hollow to me	0
once I reach a certain threshold with a guy-friend, I find that we become best friends	1
If there's anything anti-Semitic going on, it's the near-erasure of Jesus/Mary/Joseph's Jewishness	0
To make money.	1
Agriculture, manufacturing, and services have been getting better literally for milennia.	0
People grow up learning different things, and get this, having different views	1
Concepts like death or dying in children's features are incredibly out of favor right now.	0
One person's murderer is a other's soldier.	1
im 20 years old	0
He's dressing in elaborate, fantastical clothing to tell everyone, "look how rich and powerful I am.	1
Does that make us public servants?	0
Remember reasonable people actually voted Hitler into office	1
Even miracles make more sense in the context of the birth of the Son of God	0
neighbors went out but no one had the head to keep the guy in check, cause he was walking near his ruined car, not understanding what just happened told him to stay put and sit and just generally speak to him so he doesn't freak out	1
It's a large statement that such a dedicated fanbase Halo had moved toward the direction of CoD. Given CoD's immense popularity, everyone wanted to jump on the bandwagon of its success.	0
Are you seriously saying you consider slaughtering an animal morally equal to harvesting a crop?	0
Political parties appeal to these learned biases	1
Let's call it X.	1
some thing running a marathon is the pinnacle of fitness	0
The USA was intended to be a federal republic, a republic being a form of indirect democracy.	0
therefore passed down by parents	1
merely throwing together elements because they are related thematically or tangentially	0
I had the courtesy to explain what you missed and why, which did include a current inability to anticipate consequences (which is in the linked Harvard study) and how changing your view was a part of growing up and why	0
if you're really concerned with the damage done by the land use of growing food	0
How much grass do you eat on an average day?	1
this practice would be much easier to "evangelize" than a vegetarian or vegan diet.	1
because they were born on a different side of a line	1
society upheld the value of these people as protectors, it would benefit the society more the the current state of legislature and culture of gun ownership in most of European countries	1
I was only recently diagnosed with adhd a reading disability	1
Like many American kids, I was often forced throughout my childhood to participate in "Monopoly" games with my family.	0
Time isn't "real" in the same sense that we experience it	1
But on 4chan I could discuss it all i wanted and it was a massive emotional relief.	1
Do you wait until you're sure he has decided to use his firearm to act?	0
It makes you feel good when she tells you how impressed she is with your junk and when she gets pleasure from it.	0
isn't that stool a form of attention seeking?	0
a little girl was swept by a car in Paris	1
And we try to define all of these interactions between the sexes as one thing or another because it's easy.	1
What about teachers?	0
You could have actually posed consequences to change my view	0
I'm 100% on board with trashing the US constitution and starting from scratch with new documents, so appealing to the constitution is not on topic.	1
So, what would the luxury goods be for a post-scarcity society?	1
Censorship does not eliminate the censored individual.	0
Not sure where you got your idea of communism	1
Again, this is more empowering than attention-seeking.	0
They use less data (e.g. images, animations, etc...) to make it easier to load on people with a poor 3G connection or a low data limit on their plan,	0
Our different skills complement each other nicely, we have well established channels of communication, and I know she'll be a great business manager or my start up.	1
After that, it is just a long fall into bankruptcy as eventually the player has to sell their property to others, decreasing the chance that they can earn revenue while simultaneously increasing the chance that the others can profit from them.	0
I have a Masters degree.	1
We're not dependent on our technology to survive.	1
the fact that most people aren't interested in romance with family members of the opposite sex	0
Crimes rates, and especially violent crimes, were also much much higher than they are today in all of those examples.	0
many of my pets are exotic and farm animals	1
each worker is being paid less than the price of the things they produce so that their boss can profit	0
One reason I take this stance is because the newly released games are ectremely similar to their predecessors.	1
Without that, they wouldn't be able to kill.	0
It's basically the game going 'well Shepard, you fucked up, and this is what you get for it'.	1
I'm sure with the right culture it would	0
C and D can agree to help each other complete monopolies and make trades of that nature.	0
just as I don't concern myself with keeping extremely up to date on world politics and Amnesty International petitions.	1
Experience that, I beg you.	1
They wont experience long term consequences.	1
It generally takes an undergraduate college level education at minimum to understand something like international financial markets and to then effectively regulate them	1
This value may not be the price being charged for the thing	1
at some point it does	1
Your surrounded by enough Christians you're still probably more likely to be killed by a Christian for religious reasons than a Muslim.	0
One day groups from or within it might organize some raid for the lolz,	0
if I were to put someone's spouse and someone's absolute best friend in front of a train and gave that person one to save, whom would they save?	1
We claim that our old positions were wrong, and have good evidence to back this up.	1
Every middle-class child in the country would receive a lower quality education if there were 55 million more around	1
given the immense literature on utilitarianism I doubt any high schooler could reasonably be expected to memorize it.	0
Not everybody will make enough that his financial support will outweigh the military support he can provide, this is a definite nuance to my general initial statement though.	1
Most people know Jesus was born on Christmas, but less realize that the wise men didn't show up until the Epiphany twelve days later	0
someone who assists another country that is in worse shape instead of assisting their own can still be a patriot, but also recognize significant need in other nations and decide to assist them as well	1
their chances of getting shot would also increase	1
we continue to vote those who do these things into office in free and fair elections, time and time again, without fail	1
The emotional payoff on finishing the series went from 'are you serious is that actually the ending, the fuck' to 'HAHA YES, Shepard fucking deserved that, that was *great*'.	0
because they don't even know that they don't know	1
Visit the subreddit /r/iamverysmart to see your error	1
Genocide is something most of the world has moved past	0
Sure, a common laborer could buy a thousand copies of a 2015 Lexus, but what's the point?	1
I warn you that continuing to do this will mean that I will shoot you on sight.	0
Simply getting an employee in the door often costs about 1 years worth of their salary, with that money going to the recruiters that found the person, paying people to review their resume, interview them, do background checks, etc.	0
Decisions are give-and-take and has benefits as well as problems	0
I loved The Hobbit, even though it got slow	1
whole-body (or at least most-of-the-body)	1
I personally don't have a problem with animals being killed humanely,	1
Peter Jackson agrees with me:	1
It's either the extreme left, or the extreme right.	0
Like it or not, the platforms websites have provided have made a level playing field for anyone to find some kind of minor 'celebrity', with a paparazzi of their anonymous peers.	0
You pull over and the guy is really mad and he gets out of his car yelling up a storm.	0
I don't care if people post nudes, I'm just saying that this is how I feel when I see people posting nudes.	0
Or does the book continue to exist, with it's words, chapters, stories, characters, and lives intact?	1
someone were forced to stick to a single exercise technique	0
I know it sucks but I have nothing better does not justify using a sucky measurement.	0
Psychotics are developmentally stunted because they're antisocial, even when they're around people	1
Later in life, if higher intellect person wants more children, they can, only if they don't have a genetic contributor from someone who already fulfilled their amount?	0
we die	1
Often it is the leaders of such movements that prey on the weak-willed, using them as pawns in their ambitions of power.	1
I know several of them (I understand that anecdotal evidence is not the best kind of evidence but there you have it).	0
Radicalism almost always leads to violence, and is a plague on democratic society and governments.	1
And sometimes, tragedies are more fun than victories.	1
So, without that, what do we have?	1
He's got an old colleague that is experienced in hardware QA/QC, and happens to be available for six months.	0
Then wouldn't a complement be just an acknowledgement of the time and effort you put into something that most people see as hard or worthwhile?	1
The "Yeah but what if..." thing just isn't going to fly.	1
No, we're probably never going to get money out of politics entirely	1
We end up with McEducation literally, with a lot of "product" to be "thrown away" and that seen as okay	1
you don't have to necessarily think you're better than other people because you're against immigration	1
Just as I don't necessarily understand the joy of exhibitionism, exhibitionists don't understand how I *don't* find joy from it.	1
Once ~50% of the board has been claimed, even if the landholdings of all the players are about equal, it is immediately obvious which player will lose based on who falls in another's territory first and has to pay the incredulous tax.	0
You lose your temper and get out of your brand new car yelling up a storm.	1
Some might argue that soldiers do the US a disservice rather than help,	1
In fact if you look towards Europe, a lot of their media is much more lenient on sex than violence, whereas over here we're more lenient on violence than sex.	1
But out of fear of offending and looking like an insensitive bigot, no one would respond to an otherkin in the same way they would someone claiming ultimate divinity.	1
This explains how long-winded you are, its apart of the illusion	0
And poverty is a formidable obstacle but many, many people come from poverty to be wildly successful.	0
it's not like a wild turkey sits on it's deathbed and thinks fondly of those days gone by, when it roamed free and raised its baby turkeys.	1
To me, it is as if my life had never happened	1
quite honestly it's nice to be able to show raw emotion and not have it permanently tied to your identity.	1
I cant do the things the average person can	1
even if countries are peaceful and cooperative towards each other,	0
Only the rich could afford to be pale.	1
Probably not.	1
there are plants that emit pheromones to alert other plants of an impending insect-predator's presence and causes other plants in the area of the same type to activate defenses	1
i won't lie, people will see a reduction in what they are able to buy	0
if abortions were not permitted, then people would be less likely to have unprotected sex out of fear of forced pregnancies	1
since it's largely negative they will stoop down to the same level rather than go to any high ground since they are not linked to an identity	1
Most people aren't paid on commission	0
It will reach conspiracy theory levels of "proof" where people will simply believe it because they feel as if they are a part of a group-effort that's uncovering something.	0
Like a total of all of them.	0
But to reach cheating, you have to not just flirt back, but also start touching, start kissing, start hugging, get to a private location, start undressing, and *then* start having sex.	0
You are correct that it may reduce the demand for meat from *slightly* less cruel farms	1
I've been browsing that site for 10 years,	0
As far as single lifts go	1
It would still be illegal to kill a robber	0
People socialize.	0
but it is obscure and can be a hard sell because key elements haven't aged well.	1
The fact I don't fear an Amish flying a plane into my office tower or a Jain blowing up my bus makes me doubt that religions have no inherent features that influence people's actions.	1
The average IQ will still be measured in the same way	1
It's just cleaner storytelling to do the mashup	0
once the technology exists to 3D-print a chicken breast that tastes about as good as the real thing at an affordable price with 0 animal death, I eat that instead.	0
If Islam had arisen amongst the Moriori instead of in Arabia, I suspect we'd have a largely Christian world	0
I had parents who were extremely persistent about making sure i stayed on track.	0
I suppose I was taking a harsh stance when I assumed that religion had no effect on behavior	1
everyone I talked to would then associate it with my identity and it would be something I would never escape.	1
A Zeitgeist wherein 55 million abortions is weighed as good for industry or not, the resulting thinking it good on account of efficiency, as certain citizens look on themselves and others as a figure or livestock	0
it just seems to be a giant crapshoot the whole way through	0
Ignorance might be the cause, of course, rather than just lack of intrinsic intelligence	1
What about that makes someone feel good?	1
Christianity was primarily spread by the Roman empire	0
So why would a bunch of social outcasts who get made fun of encourage hate and let such raw emotion reign supreme?	1
If no harm is done, what problem is there in using the internet for such exchange?	1
What if someone with a low intellect (however the hell you measure it) and high intellect want to breed?	1
The cost of most physical goods, in a true post-scarcity society, is near zero.	1
Vegans live the way they do because they feel a certain way about the way we exploit animals.	0
There have been 55 million abortions in the US since 1973	0
I prefer the pacing in the shorter cut and the director agrees with me is hardly something that can be rigorously argued against.	0
Maybe a virgin really could give birth to a deity, or a new star could magically appear over the birthplace	1
it has become far too easy to recruit people into the zionist movement	1
The game only becomes a drawn-out slugfest if players can't get monopolies	0
Companionship.	1
there have absolutely been times when gun ownership, or carrying weapons on ones person in general was more prevalent than it is today.	0
Therefore, you may never be able to recognize the attention you get.	1
It is not conducive to a productive conversation of this sort.	1
most poor children don't become prisoners	0
the businesses that succeed end up generating *more* economic activity.	1
probably a lot of Russians did too who most would consider reasonable	0
Can we hire the colleague who is a known quantity, or should we just punt on hiring anyone because it would be faster for the circuit designer to do it himself than go through a rigorous hiring process?	0
Livestock animals eat a hell of a lot more crops humans do right?	1
First, take criminal law.	1
It may be complex for those in relationships who want more exclusivity, but that's more an interpersonal problem than a denial of empowerment.	1
They break the fourth wall, if you will.	1
After you see the gun?	1
There is a reason why police, when they have reason to believe that someone is armed have their guns already drawn.	1
on 4chan style board, if no one cares they're not going to respond and if they feel your problems are stupid they grant you the right to start over immediately and don't force anyone to carry their past with them.	1
Nationalism is the one that says "America is the best, most perfect country in the world, unlike those other horrible, dirty, evil foreign countries.	1
[helping some guy buy food for his dogs,](http://i.imgur.com/tKwU3.jpg)	1
The fanatism and radical actions it allows and encourages.	0
People enjoy browsing other's nude photos, so they decide to contribute some of their own.	1
Since we do not know the one to one correlations between a complex variety of genes and gene interactions and the vaguely defined intelligence that they produce you cannot feasibly do this.	0
Note that this is to a large extent what happened with the Native Americans	0
The only ways I can think of are people trying to go back and find those pictures and use them against a person as some kind of ad-hominem attack in the public.	1
but it's luck that is heavily influenced by the mid-game, which is decided by the players' diplomatic skill	0
Christianity was one of a very small number of religions that claim a duty to proselytize and convert everyone	0
Check out this picture of [Louis XIV](http://www.paradoxplace.com/Photo%20Pages/France/France_History/Images/Louis-XIV-BAR800.jpg).	1
They will die too	0
you're in a lifelong comitted closed relationship	1
I misused patriots to mean nationalist	1
Take for instance being "taken by the holy spirit".	1
I have not said a single thing in this thread that i've been absolutely sure of	0
Other people don't have partners to do this with so they resort to the internet.	0
I wouldn't mind a smarter human race...	1
I've honestly seen more positive activism stem from the anonymity culture than I have from any other site.	0
See, no emotional awareness	1
Because of the anonymity on 4chan people are more prone to not think through, care about what they post and are quicker to throw out insults.	1
What logical basis is there for the rejection of the human form and the demonizing those who are open about their sexual identity?	1
You get so much more out of the experience if you just take the time to explore.	1
Once everyone is dead, they can simply be wiped from history.	1
whether it be math or psychology or medicine	0
This sub is currently engaged in a 46 comment thread about whether or not [men should sit down to urinate.]	0
which you see frequently among people in empathy-intensive occupations (especially medicine, education, and other fields where issues outside the individual's control tend to produce strong feelings of frustration and futility).	1
I get more engaged in an audio-visual medium than I do into books, as a general rule	1
It was that extended family didn't have a guest room for Joseph's family	0
The status symbols change over time, but the existence of status symbols doesn't.	1
Did you not see the note that said that I was fishing for insight into the impact of 55 million abortions	1
Just like the Industrial revolution forced feudal and mercantile agriculturalist societies to become capitalist ones,	1
everyone has their different values	1
you know that :)	1
Perhaps if you have a major, heritable health issue your IQ has 25 subtracted from it before being rounded?	1
Why would you tell the developers to do a complete 180 on the series, "for change's sake."?	0
In that case, what makes soldiers more worthy than others?	0
The boss owns the factory where the workers work	0
how many of these women wouldn't be having financial troubles if there wasn't competition from cheap illegal labor to keep wages lower	1
they seriously put the time in to think about it	1
When he's angry and yelling at you?	1
This would also be my reasoning if I were vegan but still wouldn't take a flight out to help build a school in Africa.	1
Bill Gates is one of the wealthiest people in the world and he devotes a substantial portion of his wealth to philanthropy.	0
One after another, a player pays out the net-worth to the other players until there is a long, long drawn-out stand-off between the remaining few.	0
Because that's a part of the Easter story even though it was technically a Jew being crucified on Good Friday.	0
when I reach that threshold with a girl-friend, I find that I want more	1
There are multiple reasons for this, more intelligent people tend to be more busy with careers, etc.	1
If the attrition of that kind of fan base is what empowers her, so be it.	1
Beyond straight nepotism, it is self-evident that individuals who come from families and backgrounds which allow for more interaction with individuals in power will be able to call on more of those individuals for networking purposes.	1
that means the majority of those having abortions have income between $11,000 and $55,000, which is above the Federal Poverty line.	0
If you mean a single type of exercise	0
But Rome already had a state religion before it adopted Christianity	0
People were looking from a few meters, not doing anything	1
I'm proud of my own genitals but I have no need to show them to anyone other than my girlfriend who I want to enjoy them.	1
Do we need to shop more of the market, or can we use my co-founder's neighbor?	0
The lines I tend to draw in life are ambiguous and hard to support which often results in a weak basis for my opinions.	0
it certainly suggests that owning a gun doesn't automatically make you safer.	0
if you say something antagonizing to a bully and you get your ass kicked, you should have anticipated that outcome.	1
Well, it's not worth it for the money	1
we domesticated those pet animals for the purpose of companionship	1
which lead teachers, doctors, family and other students to think i just didnt care	1
I've spent a lot of time with similar problems	0
For someone other hetero guy it might not be.	1
I might as well have never lived	1
you kill for money if you can get away with it	0
**Cheaters will always cheat again,** so better to end it now.	1
What are you, a common peasant?	0
The senator might not have direct experience of what it's like to be a working person today, but does that matter as long as they have someone who can explain it to them in such a way that they understand and accept it	1
As if creating jobs for americans is morally superior to creating jobs for people of other countries.	1
We'll watch our fucking movie cause we'ere FREE in America!!"	0
a large part of this view came from something a history teacher told me 6 years ago: "Geography Determines Destiny", and that quote has stuck with me	0
The egg produced by cross-breading the two species resulted in the first chicken.	0
But the game keeps going and going, because it would be "unfair" to keep going despite the likely outcome.	1
I don't see it as one wanting to gain some type of status from it attached to themselves, but instead the gratification of having others pleasure themselves to their nudity.	1
my theory limits the offspring of less-intelligent people	1
some people are willing to be forgiving.	1
Do you really believe that you not giving business will help in any way?	1
Then you go on to, instead of making an actual argument to prove me wrong, to say that I am not capable of holding these views without being inferior	1
The "number of mental retardation" would be adjusted from lower than 70 to whatever it would be, too,	0
which kind of is, meaning degrees kind of are	1
Another reason for my opinion is that CoD doesn't really have anything astoundingly different from other games of the same genre.	1
If the feedback about their bodies does that, then so be it.	1
As people can engage in all kinds of delusional behavior and often still function in the world quite well, this is not sufficient evidence for whether or not something should or should not be constituted as evidence of a disorder.	1
The problem is, if nativity scenes are any indication, baby Jesus was still in the manger when the three wise men came to visit and give him Christmas presents	0
perhaps because of the scandalous nature of Mary's pregnancy?	1
Jesus might be depicted as both a child and an adult in the same image	0
just the people that force them into it	1
you just never have the conscious mind to experience the fear of contemplating it.	0
This example then scales up to the whole world when you throw in multiple bosses and lots more workers but the basic idea is the same	0
The cars singing "You're worthless."	1
You only run risk and very little reward.	1
there's no reason for the inn to miraculously have no rooms come open for nearly two weeks	0
That mean that there was a policemen armed and trained specifically to protect someone in danger of being targeted.	0
It's just seen as silly and ridiculous, possibly even a sign of mental illness.	1
Why do I feel like chasing after girls and getting to know them when I have so many great guy friends already who I know care about me so much more?	1
people were hysterical	1
Also, note that EMS personnel are frequently employes of private corporations.	1
Since I am so unaccustomed to it and do not partake in it, I can't make an uninformed judgement about it.	1
By the time they have their hand on their gun you have maybe 2 seconds	0
As of right now, after the first few passes around the board, it is easier to calculate the theoretical outcome with the help of a computer then to finish the game to its completion.	0
Parents should be educated on how to identify *how* their child's mind works.	1
Stalin thought non-stalinists were dangerous	0
But does the novel stop existing just because you finished the book?	1
she was getting totally mad	1
correspondingly I received a *good* but not *great* grade	0
See my user history for reference	1
So, what would rich people spend their money on?	0
It makes no sense.	0
the fact that this can increase sales shows that many americans hold the being born on one side of a line belief	0
because you're desperate	0
This study found that owning a gun makes one more likely to die from suicide *and* homicide.	0
I was careful to say that psychosis was a developmental disorder	0
I dunno,they have a reputation for misuse?	1
My background is software, and there's a hardware component that needs an experienced circuit designer.	0
An X, not a chicken lays the first chicken egg.	0
Let's assume that laws are created on the premise that they outlaw an action that is morally bad	1
There are many things we used to consider extreme that are now fundamental principles of our society.	1
he was satisfied with just adding himself to whatever pantheon the locals worshipped	1
the ecosystem will not be able to sustain the amount of people	1
When that happens, barring any statistically unlikely dice rolls, it is evident who will lose.	0
what they get in return is the gratification of strangers admitting their nudity without the mutual respect in return.	0
Eh, maybe we don't fully understand it, but we know that through breeding we can increase it, right?	1
the site however doesn't create these people it merely attracts them and for many like myself, helps them get out of that mindset in their real life.	0
And you can understand it, and do; which is why you're pissed	0
Yes, if they all went belly up we would have a problem	1
It's an ethical question	1
Nudes end up all over the internet and going into that situation,	1
Fear of losing votes from radical sympathizers leads to political groups appeasing extremism.	1
What are the status goods of post-scarcity society?	0
I'm far morel likely in general to be killed by a Christian than a Muslim	0
either failing to get bad people or getting good people	0
if someone disagrees with me on that point, *they don't deserve to be shot.*	1
Gory, but painless, as the pain center is instantly destroyed.	0
Some people are unable to stay with an unfaithful partner and should not be pressured into continuing a relationship after that point.	1
Every thought stands of its own individual merits.	0
And Christ, you said you *had the courtesy to explain this to me*. Kid...	0
I feel terrible for the animals	1
It is probably akin to Diplomacy	0
It seems that you can barely fathom that you *may* be wrong, that you are too intelligent to have to provide any adequate reasoning for yourself	1
Raw materials would be extracted by robots.	0
does not make my actions your fault	0
today he's very much in the center of mainline liberal thought	0
the lowest scores will be assigned the lower numbers and the average will be the same	1
now it's seen as wrong, even by the religions themselves	0
it was really tailored to challenge your reasoning style	0
Energy would come from cheap robot-produced solar farms.	1
It's not like it was an utopia where zoro or lucky luck came to solve everything with their weapon before the bad guys had a chance to do something wrong.	1
they produce, say, MLP dolls that everyone wants to buy	0
Did you expect people to *not* shoot holes in your reasoning	0
If we`re using a level of "dark" of the level of Brave Little Toaster then why did things like The Iron Giant and Land Before Time get a ton of love associated with them.	0
in the case of the dog, a symbiotic relationship involving feeding them scraps for protection against predators that their scent can pick up easier than our sight, particularly at night	1
I'm an immigrant and a Muslim neither of which is or should be a deterrent from joining	0
What about people who think an invisible man in the sky inpregnated a virgin 2,000 years ago with himself and can see and hear every person on earth, including their thoughts and judges whether or not you will burn for eternity even though he knows what you are going to do before you do?	0
We don't know all	0
Why can't I be friends with girls (even pretty ones) and not feel insecure when I don't try to advance some romantic agenda?	1
it was really tailored to challenge your reasoning style	1
Sure, you *could* use a robot to clean your house, but do you want people to think you are poor?	1
don't want to be an engineer	0
This is why politicians have advisors on staff, so that they can get "expert" opinions when they are under educated on an issue.	0
I do NOT believe that my actions will bring about the demise of the Salvation Army, or really have any effect at all.	1
How often do we get to go back and correct our mistakes in real life, anyway?	1
Without the extra population from abortions, has there been proportionately more immigration to fill labor needs, or are the millions of illegals from Mexico as likely to be so numerous even if there was a higher none-abortion population	0
That's without even getting into the massive amounts of land used for soy and hay production for livestock.	1
I don't see how it's possible society couldn't adapt as the inevitability of a laborless civilization grows.	1
he doesn't you to shoot him either	0
In other words, it wouldn't be a drop in the ocean, so if you're squeamish about being ignorant you shouldn't have been born, because everybody is ignorant of most things	0
To a large extent, Judaism/Christianity/Islam were religions that demanded literacy	0
I lost hope often because things felt hopeless	1
With a healthy child, income, neighborhood, peers and teachers should be filtered through a responsible parent(s).	0
But I can't envision a situation where cheating "should" be forgiven.	1
who gets to decide what being a moderate was	1
I've always had lots of male friends.	0
Some stats for example include "31% of women obtaining abortions are in school; 68% of women who have abortions are employed."	1
it's necessary for the health of humans and a better option than researching on humans	1
Neurosurgery is already competitive, and the military's neurosurgery residencies are extremely limited.	1
That is not my motive.	0
they are still in competition and no matter what, they are still separate and independent.	0
Making a political statement is not the same as organizing a boycott.	0
You're also forgetting the tremendous amount of sexual energy that factors into posting nude photos.	0
other than anecdotal evidence, I haven't seen anything to support this claim.	1
A brilliant mathematician make suck in all other areas such as music ability, linguistic skills, etc. making them look like a retard compared to a guy who is okay at math but also descent in those other categories.	0
My co-founder's neighbor does video for an advertising firm, and we've looked around enough to know that they've offered us a competitive rate.	0
If your fellow players absolutely refuse to negotiate, even when it would benefit them in the long run, then the game is not going to be fun.	1
When you consider there were a select few MMOs before WoW that failed to mainstream and popularize the genre, and the immense number of WoW clones after its success, it's not fair to say WoW is overrated.	1
you're neglecting the janitor who is necessary to keep the factory functioning (and presumably gets paid) but doesn't "produce" anything.	1
I'm telling you this because you're probably a teen and will grow out of it by interacting with people like you are	0
(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chicken#Origins)	1
In real life you don't know if your emotional troubles are going to annoy or be a burden to whoever is kind enough to listen,	1
it looks cooler that way	0
dolphins, apes and elephants have been proven to possess it	0
though I always attempted to get the auction rule in I was always voted down	1
A good portion of the class did well on assignments an tests.	0
they don't know what it is like to live pay check to pay check?	0
I haven't been around the block enough or had enough female friends to feel this way	1
Rwanda wasn't that long ago either	1
These event reminds people that they cannot depend on protection by government.	1
All you know in all three scenarios is that someone you are in conflict with probably has a gun and there is a significant chance they will use it.	1
Plus Mary and Joseph would be the first to know when something came available since they were basically squatting in the garage and would surely notice when patrons came to get their ox or camel or whatever before leaving	1
you are correct if you assume the culture dominates the religion, and you are incorrect if the reverse is true.	0
On the contrary to the Dunning-Krueger effect you are implying that I face, I am very critical of myself and feel incompetent in areas where others rate me as competent	1
Do I need to post an opening and go through a standard process, or can I enlist my friend?	1
Not UNDERSTAND.	0
on principle who gets to define what being a reasonable person is	1
They don't look back and say, "Man, remember when I bumped into that electric fence?	1
For example, Congregationalists and Universaliists.	1
That shit happens fast, and reactive speed isn't fast enough.	0
I'd say more it just lets people be free, free to test the waters	1
But I also think that the welfare of food animals is part of a much larger constellation of interrelated "food production issues" that involve everything from environmental impacts to worker safety to the corporatization of agriculture to government subsidies	0
Raising large amounts of money requires leadership, diplomacy, organization, charisma… all traits I like to see in my elected officials.	0
What about "I care about animals, but see it as a necessary evil for my sustenance."	1
As soon as it becomes a reasonable assumption, immediately escalating a conflict to deadly force starts being the best option.	1
He is not alone in this.	0
There's not a lot of sense in thinking things you don't think are true	0
Slut shaming, or as you did, calling it as "whoring"?	1
The two armed police officers guarding the place.	1
Vikings believed that the highest achievement and best place in the afterlife were gained by dying bravely in battle.	0
stable democracies have elected terrible people too who have done terrible things	1
I'm supposed to just accept your views without you proving them to be correct?	1
Imagine the time before you were born	0
Other systems have less incentive for these corrections to happen	1
I would define patriotism quite simply as supporting one's country, but not *necessarily* disparaging others.	0
They can have close relationships that rival that of marriage	0
You say "event X is like event Y, let's put them together"	0
The energy laws in that country allow corporations to drill where they please and, as a result, poison who they please.	1
People get stuck in a pattern... living in the same house, married to the same person you stopped really caring about.	1
People are smart, printed books still exist, where the average group of city slickers could get enough knowledge to plant some crops and survive off the land.	1
whatever profit the boss makes goes back into the system as they spend money	0
that has to do with the degree to which the disorder is disruptive not only to the person who has the disorder, but to the general public as well	0
Does intelligence really make much of a difference when it comes to the ethics of whether we can kill them without moral concern?	1
once I die, all memories and all point is gone	1
You *could* put your kid through a MOOC to teach them algebra, but you're better than that.	0
Saying these people shouldn’t be allowed to become part of the country, is the same as saying they are worse,	1
However, that codification, even if is only one line applied to hundreds of laws, would be immense.	0
Because it is erased from your memory	1
Whether that feeling and their reaction are justified or not doesn't really matter; the fact is that a proxy war between Europe and Russia would be disastrous.	0
You may end up as a general surgeon, or doing several GMO tours before starting your 7 year neurosurgery residency.	1
We worked on several projects together in college, and I know I can trust him to get the job done quickly and do high quality work.	1
This is prominent in many ads and political champagnes, namely the slogan “Creating jobs for americans”.	0
They are not getting any attention though, since they usually remain anonymous.	0
What makes modern sexuality morally abhorrent?	1
premeditated murders could well be less likely,	0
THAT would be claiming superiority over foreigners.	0
in some cases, there are many worse things that can happen in a relationship, which couples seem to be able to work through.	1
[raising 5grand for suicide prevention](https://www.crowdrise.com/nshgamers/fundraiser/loping)	1
For I will be dead and won't know what I did	1
There are few if any changes in gameplay, and the basic level design for the most part, remains the same.	1
instead deposit that money into a trust for the student, paid upon graduation.	0
We'll agree on 5% or we will agree to disagree." and to codify it.	1
It's such a hollow victory watching Wreav royally screw things up, or watching Tali commit suicide.	1
Seriously, immunity is great	1
that smart people are cooperative	0
One of the person present was under the protection of something called "service de protection des hautes personalités" (it has been renamed since but still same goal).	1
the extended trilogy let me really grasp the world of Middle Earth for the first time.	1
There are plenty of other ways to garner positive attention that everyone can agree is positive, instead of morally questionable behavior.	0
Censorship is an extreme reaction to an extreme force	0
the stupid and shallow premises would remain untouched	0
In such a society, the cost of most physical goods would approach zero.	1
[organizing against the harmful practices of a cult,](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_Chanology)	1
Nowadays, you would never see a wealthy leader dressing like this.	1
They don't pay income tax so they don't contribute	0
I want to be a doctor, not because of familial pressure but of a genuine need to help	0
Also, only one of my parents finished high school.	1
East and West Germany, North and South Korea, Iron Rice Bowl China versus Free Market China.	0
One person's terrorist is another person's freedom fighter.	1
You're already taking a good bit time to play the game	1
Take the Volcker rule and prop. trading.	0
Lots of people today live subsistence off the grid throughout the world.	0
With absolutely anything, there will always be things that people that aren't a fan of.	1
The finale of ME3 goes from a completely unsatisfying throughly annoying ending that ignored the themes of choice and self-determination that had been going on through the game into one final, desperate chance to make it right, instead.	1
I don't hear "you're so good at biology"	0
Do you want to improve your cardiovascular health?	1
The doll is worth $10.	1
So someone with near average intelligence (near 100 IQ, 75-124) would have their IQ rounded to 100 and then divided by 50 to make 2 offspring.	1
Imagine this country to be populated by billions of faces	1
I enjoyed it	1
Without prioritizing those resources, there's a risk of "compassion fatigue,"	0
that teenage reasoning only appears quasi-psychotic, but that it's not	0
because they are trying to get americans to vote for them	0
"wastes" a lot of it in overhead and useless production	0
When pagan Vikings met Christians, they knew the Christian warriors would end up in Valhalla or somewhere Christianly equivalent	0
But it really isn't.	1
An aborted fetus is likely to have been a less productive person than a never-considered-for-abortion fetus	1
Waging war to purposefully lower population, even with a country facing similar issues, would cost not only resources, but it would also cause political, cultural, and global issues	0
So what? Again, many children come from handicapped households.	1
If a partner failed to start the dishwasher before going to bed 8 times, that doesn't mean automatic breakup.	0
Because that would be the most unbelievable aspect of the entire story if you ask me	0
That would be the 1 out of 5 people you call for	0
They thought they were too civilized for what would happen in the next 50 years.	1
You can go to civilian medical school, and get HPSP which is slightly different but accomplishes roughly the same thing.	0
came here in expectance that there was some reasoning that I had not yet considered which may change my opinion	1
It wouldn't help deterring suicide attacks, and would most probably cause few more deaths from mistakes and irresponsibility, with a danger of this worsening.	0
There are a few unique features here and there, but overall, it's just another FPS with nothing spectacular that sets it above the other games in its genre.	0
While states may have local branches of National Guard, active duty military members serve the nation as a whole and carry one (1) form of identification that is accepted *everywhere.*	0
one of the failures of communism was the lack of incentive, with a part capitalism those with drive can still succeed, but everyone else will still have basic living tools,	1
Just because you don't find it empowering to post nudes, doesn't mean other people won't.	1
[raising 5grand for a womens charity,](http://i.imgur.com/yGwmwN4.png)	1
There's really no reason to believe that every person has exactly the same potential to succeed well in school	0
It was there to be seen by players and to be experienced by them.	0
They'd have given him opulent dress while giving Mary or Jesus poorer dress	1
Cheating isn't just a single mistake though.	1
The belief that one has an animal spirit is not new and has been a component of many primitive animistic cultures throughout history	1
I've used 4chan a bunch of times to let out my problems about being depressed, suicidal and raped.	1
I'm one of these people.	0
It is a series of mistakes	0
how would you even quantify that	0
I can't get wikibot to do it's stuff, but here: http://www.thefreedictionary.com/theorem	0
It is comparable to that, too	0
the people making the decisions about production don't have as much incentive to get those decisions right	1
Do you want to increase your physical strength?	1
When considering the first few CoDs, this was massive and largely is attributed to its success.	1
even though it can be unfun in some scenarios	1
If that's quelled quickly and effectively, things will get back to normal, whereas if he gets away with it, he might push and push to see how far he can go.	1
I believe that animals are being treated cruelly. because of this, I will not eat meat."	1
Making an entirely new engine is costly, takes years to develop, and you never have a guarantee of financial success upon release.	1
The DSM-IV defines delusion as:	0
therefore more likely to survive and advance the human race.	1
I know that the salad I'm planning to eat for lunch contains ingredients that were probably farmed in environmentally destructive ways that contribute to climate change.	1
http://www.guttmacher.org/media/nr/2010/05/04/index.html	0
I found Tolkien's prose to be far too slow-paced and filled with inane babbling about things too far removed from the plot.	1
Much better than "Kill off those with IQ less than 80"	1
Allowing networking to influence a hiring decision is not dependent on cultural bias and may be safely exorcised from the hiring process to render it more fair	1
All you do is sputter about whatever little information that you have while maintaining an illusion of superiority so that i'll trust how very *smart* you sound	1
-What is the state of the school?	0
If you cannot see the cost of the 55 million abortions, it means that you should immediately change your view so you can experience the other side of your thinking	1
My inferior mind must be shown new views in order for me to see how wrong my initial view is	1
which has hijacked your perception and mistaken itself for truth recursively	1
they never change their view and only develop a 7-year-old view from a little monster into a big monster	1
A person doing that is probably an asshole,	1
who is to say what form of relationship is the highest, two very close lifetime friends who are platonic or a married couple?	1
It's an empowering feeling to be so comfortable with yourself (endowed or not) that you are proud to post nude photos.	1
I've held a friend so close after she told me I was the biggest reason she hadn't killed herself.	0
by the time they start aiming it at you, you have a fraction of one.	0
Where someone can get obscenely rich with not much anyone can do about it due to the luck of landing on key properties/avoiding others.	1
Doesn't immigration of a working class citizen on such a massive scale cause dissonance in a country more so than it does cultural exchange	0
So what do you do when you discover [the suffering animals endure in the vegetarian food industry?]	0
Its completely arbitrary when the X officially evolved into a chicken	1
I know a guy who eats, sleeps, and breathes circuit design.	1
continue to be a member of that community without the community permanently tying what happened to me to my identity.	1
So, if you're measuring by fear people feel, you're more likely to find the source of that in the mainstream media than you will in religion.	0
I graduated on time but i struggled so much	1
The animation is very solid for being made in the 1980`s and I absolutely love the inanimate objects journey to try and find their master.	0
She's a carer, a foster mother and a complete romantic who writes novels about angels.	0
Patriotism simply says "America is a good country. its not the best, and it might be better or worse than other countries, but i still love and respect it".	1
How does that decision change when the odds are 1 in 5?	1
As mass production kicks off, I put the circuit designer in charge of QA/QC for the produced units.	1
Things need change.	1
Can you counter that?	1
The excess value goes to all of them, who spend it on many things	1
bonded with them specifically because their utility functions are greater as companions than as meat	1
If the staff at Charlie Hebdo or Columbine High had guns, they certainly might have been able to end these incidents earlier.	1
because he likely can't kill you within in a few seconds	0
because I want to know what older, more mature people think	0
Players who don't like trades tend to be nervous about giving other players a better position	0
the dividing line between species is quite arbitrary	0
For most religions, it matters what you do	0
I got the idea about "being around negative thinking will affect you negatively" from the book "Directional Thinking" by Benjamin Chapin.	1
Tyrants and tyranny are as old as politics themselves.	1
We share so much and censor so much less... but why is this necessarily a bad thing?	1
without some major changes to those other "food production issues" then there probably won't be significant improvement in animal welfare.	0
I work best when I've had more to eat than a salad	1
For example, we could use the IQ scale (for want of a better intelligence measure) to determine the number of offspring a person should be able to genetically contribute to.	0
?	0
Sometimes you love a person without needing to hold them close to you.	1
such as ... talking about the problem.	1
certain Native American practices still have vestiges of this	1
>Other countries also build militaries to do so and to "defend" against each other	0
a single worker, who owns all of his own tools (that he made himself), makes a doll out of parts he gathers or makes at no cost to himself	0
It's about people that advocate death and destruction - terrorism, genocide, ethnic cleansing and murder.	1
Like I've said, isn't the garnering of any attention on the internet from your nudes photos still seeking the attention of others?	0
If by that you mean I posted my own impressions like everybody else,	0
**Nobody makes mistakes ever,** so when they do, the relationship should end.	1
who is to put a romantic relationship above a friendship?	1
That last post you made someone made fun of you, well cool no one knows that the person who just made the post people are laughing at was the same post they were making fun of.	1
If you believe in gay rights, you may decide not to go to chick-fil-a because of your belief.	1
Some theorize that intelligence can be defined in categories, too...(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Theory_of_multiple_intelligences)	1
the only way to avoid depression would be to not think too much	1
I don't have any lesbian friends (as far as I know at least)	0
Since some of this automation will inevitably come to weapons, the wealthy will have the perfect opportunity to commit genocide on the 99%.	1
Going down this train of logic will ultimately lead to a purely utilitarian theory on the legal system	1
Many of these people believe that it's not our responsibility as Americans to provide for people from other countries, but rather the responsibility of those countries	1
I think the American legal system has gotten out of hand in complexity.	1
Egg bearing animals, however, seem to be [as old as the dinosuars]	0
All while calling the ER and taking a picture of the car's licence plate cause the driver kept near his open door all the time (while he was being harassed and yelled at by like 10 persons)	1
Yes, they feel pain, but so does an earthworm, if you mean "experience messages that say 'bad things are happening - endeavor to stop them'".	1
A coffee shop in Seattle might very well decide to have a local firefighters discount	0
It was the first FPS to really popularize the RPG elements of progression and grow multiplayer FPS to the size that it is.	0
About the only thing you can buy with your money at that point is human-intensive services.	1
Reading the book is ULTIMATELY pointless	1
because it's very, very common for people to unwitting ignore or add rules and cause the game to run longer	0
That isn't to say that it would be better or worse than our's currently	0
do you act first because by the time you're sure he is going to draw his firearm, you won't have time to act before he shoots you?	0
Consequential attitudes include the idea that information will be bestowed to us like our teachers did	0
How can he prove he's a firefighter?	1
someone would pick up the slack.	1
the easiest way to do so is through negotiating with other players, a point that many Monopoly players fail to notice	0
Babies were created indiscriminately	1
It often doesn't work out so well that way.	1
It's easier to forget and ignore because there's too much injustice in the world if you tally it all up.	1
[another day they're saving a kitten,](http://www.inquisitr.com/18170/4chan-b-goes-after-cat-abusers-wins/)	1
For the sake of this thread, we'll exclude children with medically diagnosed learning disabilities	0
If you stick to the tried and true model they've had, you're very nearly guaranteed to make a certain amount of sales. I'm sure they can graph the sales of each subsequent game and make predictions to the gradual decline with each passing year as more and more individuals grow bored of the CoD formula.	1
why did they stay so long anyway?	0
like how we might now think of as like a photograph: a specific moment frozen in time	0
I mean if you really believe that everything that does not last forever is pointless, why do you do anything?	1
Complete freedom in the expression of any idea, offensive or not, is a major element of that world	0
everybody's doing it and so must do it	0
People will always want meat and the market will always provide it.	0
taken with ME3's ending, I think it makes for a far better story	1
if they had not aborted their earlier pregnancies, then many of them would not have made that decision	1
A properly played game of Monopoly may come down to luck in the end	0
they're statistically dumber than richer people	1
Consider the goal the creators of CoD have.	0
if I become vegetarian it would be about welfare	1
I do care about the welfare of food animals	1
Of course, I have no issue with sexting, considering I do it often,	0
I might be losing precious time by joining the military	1
Did you know the Army's minimum ASVAB score is lower than the Marines, for instance?	0
Species are labeled by humans, but really we are all similar life.	0
She is now trying to sell £1000 worth of dolls	1
I'm a middle aged female.	0
"Why else do men engage women in conversation in public?"	1
It's about as far as you can get from *your* completionist Shepard	1
I would also hope that a start up's first technical hire could be someone the founders have a reason to trust.	1
death is an elimination of existence	0
I think most vegetarians see killing and eating an animal as wrong regardless of how good the conditions it lives in are.	1
arguably i'm more optimistic and positive because i've been exposed to that raw humanity.	1
It's iconic in its genre.	1
Vegans are also the group least likely to die of heart disease, with vegetarians being second and omnivores being first (or the same, depending on which study you're looking at)	1
On the other hand I work with Free Software on a daily basis	1
Judiasm was developed in the Middle East and is not globally dominant by number of followers	0
I can name a few that do.	0
No matter how they rearrange the money between them, they will be unable to buy more than £500 worth of the dolls	0
You just want to make a statement.	0
A renegade lady who wasn't *xenophobic* as much as *very* pro-human, straight but distrusted Jacob and uninterested in any of the alien male love interests (and who killed Kaidan in ME1, woops).	0
Nobody seemed to be saying "Jeez guys, maybe this is a really bad idea and we shouldn't do it."	0
Clothes have become cheap, thus they are no longer useful as a status symbol.	1
I point out, cheating has a profound negative emotional effect of the person cheated on.	1
One person can be incredibly confident with his/her private parts.	0
Most farm animals spend less time hungry, scratched by brambles, running from predators, etc than wild animals.	1
You have a bias against the series.	1
J. S. Mill would have been considered an extreme feminist back when he wrote	0
when they find a safe hiding place or cover they have a chance getting themselves in a position where they can use the paralyzer on the attacker.	0
I just thought that if you get that close with someone, they might be for you.	1
corporations being able to anonymously fund entire campaigns is a major threat to healthy government, even if it isn't, strictly speaking, un-democratic	1
a level of worth	0
I'l begin by saying it has never happened to me	0
Doctors?	0
I know the IQ test has its faults and every policy can be abused	1
And these slogans don't even denote any sense of superiority over a foreign country, just a preference for your own country.	0
since it would only be a suspension of "assistance" anyway	0
I had the courtesy to explain what you missed and why	0
* **you are a retard!** *argue about whether or not these abortions have had a benefit to the country?	0
It also dooms any attempt to change their beliefs, as their opponents no longer understand those beliefs sufficiently to do this.	1
Whatever Shepard picks, I felt a lot more satisfied with *that* story as a whole instead of the 'no one dies' run where it didn't really matter that no one died and that they worked so fucking hard for that - just pick choice A, B or C and that's your ending for you.	1
the only people available to sell to are the workers, who's total funds are £500	1
Getting called a *faggot* on 4chan constantly helps you to brush it off when you hear it on the street,	1
Only recently (past 4 years) my family added money to the free parking	1
Why would you forfeit yourself to such a relationship?	1
They also might have inflicted more casualties with stray bullets.	0
Whatever way you think you can make yourself useful.	0
One very tense scene for me was when the vacuum cleaner was trying to cross the canyon.	0
Allowing someone to circumvent the standard application process ("jumping the line") or to use some important person's recommendation as additional clout for their application ("came very highly recommended by Bob") is preferential treatment for irrelevant qualities.	0
So many beautiful, hard, wonderful, life-changing experiences I've had because of friendships with women.	0
Not only do I remember nothing; I AM nothing	1
Contrarily, when a person is very confident, it's [almost never because they're on a higher tier of information or understanding	1
Some might argue that soldiers do the US a disservice rather than help	1
As for the “They’re not risking their lives for our country.” argument, police officers do that too, and for citizens rather than the country and its interests.	1
Joseph probably would have made that barn the family's permanent rent-free residence if the wise men hadn't showed up bearing enough cash and prizes to go live it up in Egypt	1
So while the person is ultimately responsible, like the gun, religion played a part.	0
explicitly notes that it only applies when livestock is fed on grass rather than grain	0
but that’s [usually] the fault of their leaders and therefore not relevant to the debate.	1
Forced sterilization?	1
The wealth gap is a factor of ten worse	1
At that point it would just make more sense to be professional privateers.	0
once they die, they won't know either	1
All when the clostest they've been to military life are	0
why is it tied to what the majority wants	1
Young impressionable minds are the easiest targets for zionist indoctrination.	1
What if you are more useful as a negotiator working towards a peaceful resolution to the conflict than you are as a freedom fighter.	0
If there are more non-asshole rich, why isn't there a global push for better worker protection, and investment, instead of the complete opposite?	1
the some few people that still know how to hunt and gather would probably survive as well people who were rich enough to have access to a lot of resources to start out with before the economy crashes.	1
It seems like a compromise but the eventual outcome is that the belief wins and the practices may or may not stick	0
We already clamp down on extremism, and potential extremists are actively monitored using existing surveillance techniques.	1
you mean to say that real-life capitalism is inefficient	0
Look around at classes.	0
(Tumblr's community is heavily guilty of this same thing).	0
By categories, I mean things like: criminal law; the tax code; any given category of regulation by profession (medical, construction, IT, and so on).	1
almost violent	1
therefore passed down by parents	0
After all, most people choose to remain anonymous -so what attention are they really getting?	1
Theorems are explanations *of* facts	0
Forgiveness is a gift, not an expectation.	1
because people in and outside of the US are fed up with the US policing the world.	1
If you're not all in with the military you'll hate being a military doctor.	0
It seems a need for censorship implies a certain degree of exposure to these ideas.	0
War for oil sustains our economy.	1
Also, why is gaining a celebrity status for something like posting nudes empowering?	1
You probably don't see yourself as having a predictable reasoning style(3)	1
There's [plenty of research](http://www.health.harvard.edu/blog-extra/the-adolescent-brain-beyond-raging-hormones) supporting that their minds aren't fully developed	1
in the process of being "wasted", it ended up going to other people for the businesses purchases, payrolls, etc	1
that couldn't really be further from the truth.	0
I subscribe to the idea that there is no such thing as too much parenting.	1
However, assuming that a gun provides the motivation, it also provides the tool to kill someone with.	0
people with concealed guns don't shoot even if they see someone has a gun too	0
I think we could minimize the amount of shitty parents getting paid,	1
Wanting to make a profit on the dolls, the boss then sells the dolls for £10 each.	0
some of it is retained as capital by the owners	0
The movie was not widely released in theaters because they never found a distributor for it.	1
you'll still probably feel attraction for other people	1
The fact that most people vote for the most visible candidate on their side rather than the one that most closely represents their interests is a problem with the electorate and also a result of our winner-take-all voting system	0
You *could* use a driverless car, but having someone drive you around is just so much more classy.	1
My posts.	0
This would have most of the benefits as with what I imagined with guns except it might be less probable to work against well prepared attackers (against heavy clothing),	0
doesn't have a spy network".	0
Christianity really goes for the "this is true for everyone for always, and we should actively work to spread it"	0
sometimes (or a lot of the time) the boss just hoards their extra money and doesn't re-inject it	1
It'll go well with you to be smarter than that	1
islam has some toxic components christianity no longer has	1
It looks to me like you've made so many exceptions to your main view	0
They don't live entirely in this delusion.	0
It instantly results in a situation where only the rich can run for and hold offices.	0
By fortifying themselves in their gated communities with rows upon rows of automated defences, all unburdened by humans with consciences and families, they can simply wait for everyone to starve or get killed while they bask in their machine generated wealth.	1
there are thousands of guides and essays about every topic	0
Some examples would be, when the Flower observes it's own reflection in the toaster	1
the Zeitgeist within society that people should be "grown", and graded, and that these categories are accurate	1
Face it, meat is tasty (and non-factory meat is often tastier than factory-farmed meat, at least in my own anecdotal experience)	0
I don't believe in donating to the Salvation Army, for example, because there have been incidents in the past where their organization has denied aid to homosexuals and publicly expressed homophobic views.	1
I know that by purchasing my knockoff Keurig coffee from Wal-Mart, I'm supporting a corporation that exploits everything it touches.	1
So most of us who saw it did so in comparatively limited TV showings, or picked up a VHS tape.	0
the role of these people would be to defend themselves and those around them.	0
I put in serious work for this class, more work than any other class.	0
This is what I meant when I said "100%" on the parents.	0
Additionally, when you elect someone, like your senator, you're not just electing them, you're also electing their entire staff	1
For example, imagine a relatively long (30+ years) period of peace	1
I'm Unitarian Universalist	0
he's an early Christian to them	0
Owning a single-family home in a high-quality area would be a status symbol, but just living their wouldn't.	1
I know that the chocolates I love to eat contain, in all likelihood, cacao that was farmed by people living in truly deplorable conditions.	1
Unfortunately with the world's obsession with free speech and personal liberty	1
Also, your "Harvard studies, read them" was a pretty vain attempt of seeming more intelligent and of having more authority without adding anything new to the discussion	1
They will care about how people respond to them	1
I've watched stars fall on a hilltop so clear and beautiful as I called a friend a sister for the first time.	0
According to him, nationalism is the thought of superiority of one's nation in direct comparison to foreign nations,	0
Of course, with more involvement comes more responsibility to surgically manage involvement, emotions, rewards and punishments.	0
my experience at school did its best to convince me that i was stupid	1
we know some	0
Most reasonable people think groups like the KKK, the Golden Dawn, Nazis, Militant anarchist terrorists, ISIS, Al-Qaeda and any other neo-fascist group are dangerous.	0
Many religions have historically encouraged, or even required violence, and once that religion and it's expectation of violence is established, it makes it much more difficult to enact societal change on the group.	1
It has massively outsized footprint for how easy it is to find and view.	1
If someone is confident in their body, is it not empowering to have other people give you reassurance of that position?	1
A bolt to the brain sounds bad	1
the other almost had an entire town nuked as well as a giant death machine moving through	1
which is a big thing for us due to slower Internet connections	0
I would love a better measure of intelligence.	0
Let's say you're a drug addict and due to your addiction you can't hold down a job, are really strung out and resort to one of the stupidest ways to make $100 for your next fix which is mugging people on the street.	1
this, you have to keep in check yourself	1
Read them	0
My brain is wired differently.	0
For example, you mentioned that you wanted to see more of the world.	0
Didn't you anticipate your apparent reasoning to be challenged in the least	1
As I understand it, and crudely explained, SVT says that in an economic system that lets people hire other people for labour	0
How can you even compare them?	1
Pre-WW2 germany or Stalinist Russia weren't all that stable.	0
the nice thing about the anonymity of the 4chan board is essentially you have a new identity with each post letting you brush it off even more.	0
any reasonable argument against a poster can be made redundant by saying or thinking they are a part of these agendas or groups	1
the Toaster killing himself for the master	0
the man tries to show the woman how non-threatening and valuable he is from a non-romantic standpoint before she is comfortable with allowing herself to think of him as a safe partner	1
There is an assumption every other sentence with the remaining sentences being filled with assertions that you have not been backed with well-founded arguments	0
If Alexander the Great had that kind of religious zealotry, he could have spread Hellenism much more than he did	1
their nervous system is sufficiently different from us	1
They stretched some scenes from brief chapters into center pieces (Helms's Deep) and cut out some of the more... esoteric portions completely (Tom Bombadil).	0
Even without auctions, making sure people are aware that they can be "flexible" about collecting rent makes the game go much faster.	1
Back during the Victorian Era, it was very fashionable for women of class to have extremely pale skin.	0
However this isn't about being just a bit conservative.	0
Therefore, there will always be a market for meat and other animal products	1
you are more likely to be killed by a heart attack than by a christian	0
I have a [source](http://www.guttmacher.org/media/nr/2010/05/04/index.html) that shows that abortions are typically (and in some years, mostly) had by people without enough wealth to care for there kids.	1
Without these experiences, yeah, Mass Effect 3 didn't live up to the hype	0
It sadly didn't do them much good.	0
Perhaps laissez faire capitalism (or of the chain-gang bullshit going on in the gilded age),	0
Much of the surviving ancient sculptures and paintings show the nakedness of the human form, and this art compares us to heroes and gods as did much of the writing and philosophy of the time as we tried to figure out our "meaning" in the universe.	0
Political parties in democracies often try to keep these groups on a leash	0
It's not just that the Christians defeated the tribes militarily (though that happened sometimes)	0
The mind and emotions operate like extremely complex equipment	1
do not wish to eliminate them since they serve definite political goals like polarizing the electorate	0
Pay for the fancy salon instead and show off your fabulous wealth.	1
When I said highest, I meant it not from a perspective of quantity of some sort	0
It's like playing poker with players who never bet	1
reducing that complexity down to one number is incredibly challenging if not impossible	0
They are simply supporting farms that are somewhat less cruel.	1
I wouldn't mind a smarter human race...	0
55 million chances to do so isn't a bad place to start.	0
He could use an extra hand, but feels making a bad hire would be worse than doing it all himself.	1
you're concerned you'll miss something, and are aware of the dangers of missing something	1
Why would Thor reject a valiant warrior just because he didn't worship him?	1
well that's your own gullibility.	1
Aztecs required human sacrifice in their religious rituals.	0
These types of hypothetical calculations aren't really helpful, in my opinion.	0
It wasn't a made for TV movie, but that's what ended up happening to it.	1
Darwinian Theory doesn't prove evolution to be true - the facts in the real world (such as examples of fossils and stratigraphy and DNA etc) prove the Theory to be true.	0
While a homeless person might have some very valuable insight on dealing with life on the streets, that doesn't mean they would have strong ideas on how to actually go about solving that problem, not to mention on how to deal with America's complicated relationship with China (for example)	0
100 years of reasonable people who likely were considered moderates lead a persecution of Indians from the Trial of Tears to Wounded Knee.	1
"Fix the process, not the game."	1
Some people aren't changed by others that easily.	0
I chose this approach because your view is highly cerebral and overconfident, seemingly unconcerned with potential consequence, and repackaging gross oversimplification and naive callous as bright utilitarianism (no offense)	1
After all the gore I witnessed on 4chan, I'm able to jump in an accident scene and actually keep my cool while most other people around are freaking out like crazed apes, yelling and really doing nothing to help at all.	1
throughout history the majority has been okay with a lot of terrible shit	1
it won't sell and will be waste	1
Is it really that bad to go after them just a little bit more ?	0
thats because its not tapping into their mind right	1
In communism, surplus value is also either created	1
very few routines are whole body in 1 day	1
Some Muslims are so irrationally offended and self-important that they believe they have both the imperative and the right to kill people for drawing pictures.	0
you bought an RPG!	1
At the same time rather than being afraid of getting mugged I will be afraid of getting mugged by someone pointing a gun right at my face, someone I have no reason to trust won't shot me by accident.	1
Way less than my folk.	1
this slogan is also prominent in ads made by private corporations	0
By far the most egregious violation of this nature is ignoring the Auction rule (	0
Regardless of self-awareness	0
Satire is the portion of speech that always stretches the boundaries of what we condone because its purpose is often to be offensive as a means of highlighting truths about people or society that are difficult to address seriously.	0
I think the anonymity of the internet allows people to freely get the attention without worrying about the recognition or views of friends and family, so they're purposely looking for attention they can't find within their immediate relationships.	1
It gives them pleasure to know that other people get pleasure by seeing the posted photos.	0
won't make even an ounce of difference in the lives of animals?	1
Well we have many examples in history when it was common to walk around well armed, where those doing it were upheld as protectors.	0
Why should you stay married?	1
I find that they're more inclined to do so if they feel it won't come back to bite them	0
she was lying unconscious with a bit of blood from her nose	1
Interviews are an extremely poor replacement actually working with someone, or for the opinion of a trusted colleague.	1
I don't think you'll find many people who disagree that the American legal system could be slimmed down substantially.	1
Fish farms are equally as cruel as the rest of the meat industry	1
Many other game serie use a formulaic system for their games that renders them very similar to each other, such as Assassin's Creed, or Pokemon.	1
It's more that the Christians would come to the tribes, adopt their ways, offer them good things like education, and all they'd want is a little Bible reading	0
That is due to statistics, not to scripture or religious property.	0
Certain elite brands are used to show off wealth, but the suit the president wears is little different in form than the suit you can buy down at Walmart.	1
If you're ambivalent the risk is too great.	1
You, me, everyone will have never existed.	1
Something in the ballpark of 45% of women who have abortions have more than one abortion	0
This is the problem with X-factors and complexity(4)	0
The difference I see is between pride and attention seeking behavior caused by pride.	0
I'm the sort of person who, despite not really liking to read, will read summaries about the world surrounding my favorite movies or video games	1
It's a bit extreme and morbid	1
had those abortions never occurred, then America's immigration policies would not have been so lax	1
because we seem to forget so many times that women are people too, they are sad, happy, lonely and joyful at times, just like us.	1
people talk.	0
Do those parents receive your proposed monetary incentive?	0
I would like my decision-making body to have at least a few people who might have had prior experience with a war	1
most of us wouldn't describe them as "delusional" simply because they follow the traditions of their ancestors as they've been practiced for centuries.	1
I've had lots of swimming lessons, and I just can't catch on.	0
children are moved through by age, graded literally on the same scale as a meat product, and bells move them around	0
Whomever gets the worst successive dice rolls loses.	0
saying that they did very little to improve the economy/society	0
I called the ER	1
Shall we rule out sociopathy/psychopathy?	1
Satirical cartoons of prophets, assassinating leaders, etc	1
As far as I'm aware, chickens at my local farm have their brains destroyed at the stem as quickly as possible while their head is chopped off.	1
Me and my friend did very well also.	0
Forming monopolies is by far the quickest way to win	0
[bringing more exposure to a rape victim,](http://www.dailydot.com/news/steubenville-rape-confession-video-anonymous/)	1
It doesn't matter how many strangers see it, just the fact that they are strangers.	1
Or did I do it too offensively well	1
You certainly weren't close to proving anything	1
It turned multiplayer FPS from a niche genre to if not the largest genre.	1
simply need because that's their personality and that they feed off of attention.	1
I know that my leftover Christmas cookies, made by my vegetarian mother, still contain eggs that probably came from a battery farm.	1
Why can't America be the bigger person and say "Ok, we won't publish certain types of material, not because we're afraid of you but because we respect your views."	1
Think of something you do every day that you consider perfectly reasonable; something that harms nobody in any direct sense.	1
You'll be hard-pressed to find moon worshipers today	0
It helps with flexibility	1
This means that even if we went really extreme and killed everyone with an IQ under 80.....that would change nothing.	1
in the case of police, are in a privileged position with regard to the law.	1
An independently reproductive community of animals should only be defined as such once their chicken babies are layed or hatched.	0
Or are we talking about a population so huge that race and national identity are insignificant, that there is always going to be a huge amount of hostility between different demographics	1
Living life is as irrational as reading a book that, after finished, is immediately erased from your memory	0
sides are made by and for clergy and politicians, it wont do you any good	1
it's "true" or not and that "truth" is available to us in an absolute way	0
better than SAT scores, right?	1
once they can administrate their own systems what is the use of humans.	0
if an advertisement was "creating jobs for Americans and not for those dirty foreign leeches",	1
they wouldn't have to deal with the consequences either	0
The boss pays each of her workers £5 for each doll that the worker produces, and a worker produces 1 doll a day	0
I'm asking why you don't want to extend the benefits to other critical pillars of our society.	1
The only reason to do HPSP or USHS is because you want to be a doctor in the military, not because you want the money.	1
Carrots get eaten or boiled alive and we have no evidence that suggests, one way or another, if that is causing them suffering	1
It depends on the person.	0
Less intelligent- less babies than contributors- less "less intelligent people" (and that would always be the case...)	0
do whatever without your idea's, jokes, concepts tied to any identity.	0
how could I not know all the details and little tricks of these problems?	0
they have the belief that they are American	0
With this in mind, we are forced to acknowledge that we are probably making errors in other places, and may even have been led astray in one of the areas we have already changed.	0
Instead, we allow them to spread their rot, and infect society.	1
I also don't think that the connection between poor education tactics and the "don't think too much" mentalities can be drawn between the zeitgeist claims you're making	0
The information is gutted and moved around	1
When I see how most people are driving I have absolutely no reason to believe people would be any more capable, responsible or safer with a gun	1
Pass down mathy skills of father and kinesthetic skills of mother or whatever	0
the belief eventually becomes the driving force and incentive for the action in later generations.	1
This simplifies the discount process	0
It wasn't a hotel that didn't have room for them	0
Either way, after my brief spark of existence I become nothingness	1
making the site difficult to browse if it's something you are familiar with	1
others think 5 plate deads are a better example of fitness	0
They are gradual and at times may seem impossible to many	1
I know from personal experience that people go vegan/vegetarian for a huge variety of reasons, from personal health to carbon footprint to animal welfare to ethics of eating meat to budget (meat is expensive).	0
Still, this can be ameliorated by high-rises.	1
others think aesthetics is all that matter	0
They are not trying to get attention toward themselves superficially, but they're instead attention seeking to just get the attention of others.	1
I thought you know what, I want a Shepard where this kind of ending makes sense.	1
those franchises have been out for over 15 years, and so they get a pass from the now adults who enjoyed the movies as kids.	0
So why should the other person be obligated to fill out his/hers?	1
the rest are waste inherent to the system and a direct result of the boss wanting to make profit.	0
Most religions, confronted with a different religion, just say "this is true here and that's true there" or "those are some deities we hadn't known about" or at worst "those are some deities that are not ours"	0
600 people would at least agree that it was an interesting thought.	0
If the quality of life is lower, you'll see people working miserable jobs just to be able to eat dinner	1
Much better than "Kill off those with IQ less than 80"	0
There is also a Youtube video to go with this opinion.	1
the gun certainty played a big part.	0
Matthew 2:11	0
You didn't exist	1
not because it was doomed to be waste as soon as it was made.	1
This just won't help the situation in any way.	1
-Does this child have other, non LD problems(i.e. emotional, gender-identity)?	0
For me, that wasn't a completionist run.	1
They aren't a charity, so gamers aren't entitled to it.	0
I wanted to offer an example that had to do with people, instead of indulging your quasi-psychotic reasoning	0
They all know I've been married for 12 years and am loyal.	1
There would be even stronger calls for an anti-islam and anti-immigration policies.	1
Fixing your thought patterns means you can be like an explorer who can take weirdness as it comes and be ready to deal with it, instead of having a tiff when you get called dumb for calling 55 million abortions a good thing with c.15 whole years of experience	1
Do your rules only apply to big companies?	0
What would the reaction from Americans be if someone walked through the streets of a predominantly black neighborhood saying "I hate black people" and was murdered?	1
For one thing, I can't swim.	0
So while someone might take Option 1 on a personally significant issue that has a lot of meaning to them, the limitations of the human mind force them to take Option 3 on a whole lot of other issues.	0
The ethical carnivore just happens to *also* increase demand for responsibly-grown meat.	0
From this, we can conclude that the egg came first.	1
Scientists?	0
Let us not forget that during the Renaissance there was a huge movement for the exploration of the human form as a work of art.	0
The US has given itself license to detain and torture citizens with no trial.	1
There seems to be a commonly held belief that people who cheat on their SO/partner should be dropped immediately with no further contact.	1
There's also some issues with flash animations and CS styles that not all mobile devices can handle, but that usually doesn't make a phone crash, it just might make a website fail to load some bits or look a little jenky.	0
Forced abortions?	1
The perception of the value of human life goes to zero	1
For those of you who don’t know, it’s common (at least in the US) for businesses, transit agencies, etc. to give small discounts to military veterans to thank them for their service.	0
The newly defined chicken species (a species is hard enough to define as it is) is not recognized as a new species of chickens until you already have an independently reproducing population.	0
None of the examples you given actually hurt anybody.	1
If increasing gun ownership would benefit society, would there be a point where if X number of people owned and carried a gun, there would be no shootings at all?	0
At what point do your rules against networking kick in?	1
by virtue of the fact that you think the sole goal of befriending a female is to fuck her	1
That's not the same as thinking you're better than other people	1
I get tired of seeing people worship at the altar of the US flag	1
I never put in extra time on classes.	0
A "standard" hiring method would ensure that every applicant would be evaluated on the same criteria - the satisfaction of requirements of the position and merits relevant to that position.	1
That hurt like hell."	0
[saving a girl from bullying and suicide,](http://www.dailydot.com/news/anonymous-kylie-suicide-trolls-bully/)	1
one contains a death of someones mom	1
From an outside perspective, this certainly appears to me to be a delusional behavior, but of course this alone is not enough for it to meet the criteria of a particular disorder.	1
The incidents that stand out most in our heads are events like Paris or Aurora or Columbine- premeditated shootings with the intent of inflicting a lot of casualties.	1
What about the relationship of a brother and sister?	1
Charb, one of the victim, said concerning the threats he previously received "je préfère mourir debout que vivre à genoux" (I prefer to die rather than live on my knee)	1
It's too dark	1
I need someone to handle running the business side of things.	1
One's person's genocide is another person's defense of their culture.	1
Like, round the IQ to the nearest multiple of 50, then divide by 50, and that's the number of offspring you're allowed to create.	1
This brings their arguments out of public discourse, where a solid counter-argument is more likely to be interjected.	1
if someone is doesn't have their life together to the point where they are out on the streets, how can we expect them to lead anything?	0
May as well enjoy life while you temporarily exist.	1
It's why we recruit teens into the military	1
Forgiveness depends on the forgiver, not the perpetrator.	1
How do the stats stack up in support of your view?	0
It could be about finances but could just be too soon for a woman to go through again.	1
Lots of people can afford to live in a ritzy downtown area if a high-quality high rise can be built to next for nothing.	0
when this system scales up you need to include the boss buying things.	1
Finally, do you apply the same rules to hiring out business services?	1
Once killing foreigners is an acceptable/inevitable means to profit and expand, you find that attitudes exposed to such behavior change with it	0
Since communism has been relegated to just a handful of countries	0
just sit on their land charging whatever damn price they want.	1
it also takes demand away from the larger farms	0
there is no afterlife	1
As you read through the novel, you go from page to page, eventually reaching the end	1
lots of people know of jobs because of contact from friends.	0
typically most companies aren't owned by the "bosses"	1
Having a low quality of life results in a poor Zeitgeist	1
Don't try and punish me for talking to you	0
I'll preface this by saying I'm a fan of both the books and movies.	1
It's really not that difficult with a little common sense!	1
Show off your wealth by hiring a butler instead.	0
Let's imagine this thing is to defined as "walking down the street wearing headphones".	1
limit it to just heterosexual non-related men and women	1
(should be noted that India has less internet users and that the availibilty of the internet may play a huge part in people with less wealth being able to be innovative,	0
Eventually though you'll stop making strength gains and simply be increasing your endurance.	0
This is the soul of the game	0
the guy stood up and tried to restart his car	1
-What if the child is being bullied/abused without the parents knowledge?	1
I don't think anyone would seriously suggest that someone looking to found a start up should have to dig through a pile of applicants to choose a co-founder.	1
Second, let's look at regulation by profession, specifically bank regulation	0
Do you want to work on aesthetics?	0
they know exactly what the problems are	0
Halo may have been the first of its kind at the time, but CoD created a very effective system where you leveled up, unlocked new guns, and gave you customization in your load out.	1
Why would their target audience be the people who *don't* like CoD?	1
That makes zero sense.	1
Being the one that requires the most land usage and causes the most environmental issues as well as obviously slaughtering them.	1
I am not going to tell that person that he/she is doing it for attention - because frankly - I have no clue why exactly the person does it (the person may not even know either)!	1
Perhaps my family (and quite a few other families) are just not equipped to play this game.	1
According to the theory of evolution it makes more sense that the egg preceded the chicken	0
with the US and Europe driven farther apart by issues like privacy and human rights,	1
From all the marines that I've met they all think and act the same way to the point where it freaks me out a little.	1
she eats meat	1
If you go on 4chan right now to the /wg/ board (wallpapers) or the /vr/ board, almost everyone there is nice	1
You don't know what you don't know, you didn't know you didn't know my motivation, and you don't know that the 55 million abortions were a good thing, or what interests were operating in the establishment of them, or the consequences	0
I kept the mother in check cause she was trying to move her	1
How does a chicken "want" anything?	1
Who was alone from start to end in a quest that only she seemed to really believe in.	1
You truly are ridiculous	1
As the story goes, when Jesus was about to be born his parents were travelling to Bethlehem, but when they got there the inn was full, so Mary had to give birth in the barn	0
After he points it at you?	1
chickens, pigs, deer, and cows would have their throats ripped out by weasels or wolves or whatever other predator.	1
Cheating is evidence that *something* must be wrong.	1
I know this would be a bitch to implement and it's near impossible to actually do	1
Perhaps some facets of these historical religions were based off of a desire to justify actions that the original practitioners would have done anyway	1
Even on reddit i was originally hesitant to be open about it because of the username system would tie it to my reddit identity.	1
Not exactly humble beliefs, are they	0
For example: according to you a democracy is defined as "a state which has strict financial regulations, outlaws fracking,	0
Also, when it is spread online you hardly ever find out who has seen it or what people think of it.	0
They invest it in other productive stuff, such as new factories that produce *more* stuff (someone has to pay the people that build the factories)	1
It's only 60 something years old	0
Im really good at doing certain things.	1
B can "not notice" when C and D land on his properties, making A the only one to pay rent.	0
people are subconsciously encouraged to take part of it in order to feel like they are a part of the group	1
most of the answers to that on the internet before were "If you want to know more you should just read the damn books, scrub!" because nerds are like that sometimes.	1
how you spent the past two comments trying to classify me, inform me of my inadequacies, *subtly be a superior human being*, and also fall under what seems to be the Dunning-Krueger effect yourself	1
The entire game and story turns into Shepard realizing too late that things could've been different and that the state of the universe going to shit is on *them*.	1
You notice after a bit of yelling that the guy is carrying	0
I had to take my cat to be euthanised at the vet	0
that would taint meat, and so is unfeasible	1
Consider a society of 101 people: 100 workers and 1 boss.	1
There is no sharp line representing a single generation that became chickens.	0
I used it as an example of an intelligence measure	0
Nature is not pretty	1
Just 2 weeks ago, heard and felt a crash very close to my house	1
Few people are willing to correct even false facts these days, let alone patterns and assumptions	0
For example, we could use the IQ scale (for want of a better intelligence measure) to determine the number of offspring a person should be able to genetically contribute to.	1
It's written by an Australian (where most livestock is grass-fed)	0
patriotism is simply the love and admiration of one's own country, independent of other countries.	0
To view CoD as overrated for being the series that really grew the genre to what it is today would be to say WoW is overrated given how many MMOs are similar.	0
The supports necessary for real stability simply don't exist.	0
The corruption and lack of transparency created by PACs and SuperPACs and Citizens United in general is definitely a major problem	0
because I want to be a neurosurgeon and that's a looooooooong and rigorous path	1
they'd die slowly and painfully of some disease that they have no hope of overcoming, or slowly and painfully of starvation after breaking a leg and falling behind their herd	0
And I see a line manager growing his team as a microcosm of a founder growing his company, though the company may have rules in place to help keep the line managers from going off the reservation.	0
That does not make my demand legitimate, does not make my shooting you an acceptable act	0
Shitty failure Shepard's ending was also a dialogue choice, but that just underscored that she'd burned and destroyed anything else around her	1
After all, rewarding people for suffering rather than production is what the commies do[!]	1
the seller overpriced it	1
However, cheating on a spouse is *pretty big mistake*.	1
This decreases social/economic mobility, which has been demonstrated to be bad for societies in general.	0